{'text': "Since the establishment of the Scottish Parliament and the Assemblies in Northern Ireland and Wales, there has been a discussion of whether England also needs its own parliament or whether Westminster is adequate representation.\n\nMotion: This House supports the creation of an English Parliament.\n\nAn argument against 'English Parliament': Westminster would be marginalised and there would be a lack of joined-upthinking, especially if different parties were in control of the two parliaments. For example, education policy is not independent from economic policy."}
{'text': "In the USA, a candidate must be 25 to stand for the House of Representatives, 30 for the Senate and 35 for president. In Italy, a candidate must be 50 or more to stand for president; and in Germany, the age limit is 40 to stand for chancellor, though the country allows 18 year olds to stand for other positions. Are all these restrictions ageist and should the age of candidacy for all positions be the same as the voting age? In countries such as Australia and Denmark, 18 year olds may stand for any office. In Britain, the minimum age to stand for parliament was lowered from 21 to 18 in 2007. Is this more democratic and representative or is it reckless?\n\nMotion: This House would allow 18 year olds to stand for office.\n\nAn argument for 'Political candidacy, age of': Students in schools, colleges and universities are already involved in politics and representation at a high level through student unions. Through these organisations, 18 year olds could have accumulated much relevant knowledge and experience,campaigning on educational, social and environmental issues."}
{'text': "The debate about how to tackle global warming presents a paradox. On the one hand, most of the damage done to the environment historically was done by Western nations, which industrialised first, and reaped the economic benefits. On the other hand, many of the world’s most significant producers of CO2 today are developing countries, which are only just industrialising, and their role in CO2 emissions is only growing. China is the largest single polluter (though it pollutes less per person than the USA), with 16.4per cent of the global emissions total in 2011, with America a close second with 15.7per cent. Brazil, Indonesia, Russia and India (all developing as middle-income nations)occupy places three to six in the league table of carbon producers (though if the EU is counted as one entity rather than 27 separate countries, it rises to third place). This paradox therefore presents a difficult question: should developed countries bear more of the burden for reducing emissions and preventing global warming?\n\nMotion: This House believes that the developed worldshould bear the burden of fighting climatechange.\n\nAn argument for 'Environmental responsibility, developed world shouldtake more': The developed world still produces a significant, if not the most significant, share of global emissions. As such, it would be perfectly viable and successful for these countries to prevent climate change by reducing their own emissions. For instance, the G8 Club of rich nations produces one-third of emissions on their own; they could make substantial inroads into the problem of carbon emissions simply by cutting that number."}
{'text': "‘Eugenics’, meaning ‘good breeding’, was first used by the English scientist Francis Galton in 1883 to refer to the study of ways to improve the mental and physical characteristics of the human race through targeted mating. It did not then have the sinister overtones that it has since acquired through association with the attempts in Nazi Germany to exterminate entire racial and social groups. Modern techniques such as genetic engineering – and in particular, the genetic screening of embryos created by in vitro fertilisation (IVF) – have again raised the question of whether we should intervene to determine the biological make-up of our children.\n\nMotion: This House supports universal genetic screening.\n\nAn argument for 'Eugenics: IVF and genetic screening': It is also right that the technology should be used. If we have the power to decide whether we bring a baby into the world with or without cystic fibrosis, with or without a genetic neurological disease such as Huntington’s chorea (which brings on rapid and extreme mental dementia in middle age), then we surely have a duty to choose the latter.This is not genetic engineering – it is merely a case of choosing which of the embryos ‘naturally’ created from the parents’ sperm and egg should be implanted in the womb. At present, there is an in uteroanomaly scanand parents can choose to abort an embryo if it is found to have Down’s syndrome or another genetic disorder. IVF screening is morally preferable to that and less distressing for the parents."}
{'text': "There are different examples of blood sports in different cultures; cockfighting is illegal in most Western countries now, but is popular in much of Asia and Latin America; some parts of Spain still enjoy bullfighting. In the UK, foxhunting was banned in 2004, but the legislation is not rigorously enforced, and in 2013, hunts still take place up and down the country; Pakistan recently banned dogfighting, but it is still popular in rural areas. A debate may focus on one of these sports or look at banning them collectively. Not all of the arguments work for all of the sports – the issues around bullfighting and hunting, for example, overlap but are different, so be sure to pick your arguments accordingly. See also the introduction to the debate on ‘Animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘Animal rights’ (Section A) for a general summary of animal rights debates.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the unspeakable shouldleave the inedible alone.\n\nAn argument against 'Blood sports, abolition of': Blood sports often kill animals that are destructive of animals raised for food. The huge majority of farmers agree that foxes are pests that attack their livestock. Shooting, poisoning and trapping – the alternatives to hunting with hounds – are not more humane. All these methods potentially leave animals to die a slow and painful death (most farmers are not trained marksmen – a shot is more likely to wound a fox than kill it, leaving it to starve through its inability to hunt). The death of an animal caught by hunting hounds is over in a second or two. Other blood sports kill animals that can be eaten – pheasants, grouse, deer, hares and fish – some of which are also a pest to agriculture and forestry (e.g. hares, deer). And it is hardly logical to complain about the shooting of birds that were bred to be shot. As it is, they have a perfectly natural life ended instantaneously when they are shot. If it were not for blood sports, these birds would never have had a life at all – they would not have been born."}
{'text': "The debate about how to tackle global warming presents a paradox. On the one hand, most of the damage done to the environment historically was done by Western nations, which industrialised first, and reaped the economic benefits. On the other hand, many of the world’s most significant producers of CO2 today are developing countries, which are only just industrialising, and their role in CO2 emissions is only growing. China is the largest single polluter (though it pollutes less per person than the USA), with 16.4per cent of the global emissions total in 2011, with America a close second with 15.7per cent. Brazil, Indonesia, Russia and India (all developing as middle-income nations)occupy places three to six in the league table of carbon producers (though if the EU is counted as one entity rather than 27 separate countries, it rises to third place). This paradox therefore presents a difficult question: should developed countries bear more of the burden for reducing emissions and preventing global warming?\n\nMotion: This House believes that the developed worldshould bear the burden of fighting climatechange.\n\nAn argument for 'Environmental responsibility, developed world shouldtake more': Most of the CO2 in the atmosphere as a result of man-made action today was put there by the developed world; thus, they are the ones primarily responsible for the damage. Moreover, they are also the ones who have benefited from it historically,getting rich by industrialising before the developing world could catch up, and so are more able to absorb the substantial economic costs of reducing emissions."}
{'text': "Like many of the views in this chapter, anarchism does not represent a singular or comprehensive ideological position, but a family of competing ones. The common thread that unites anarchist theories is a belief in the unjustifiability of the state and its authority over us. For example, some anarchists argue against the state on the grounds that its authority is not consented to, or that it produces worse outcomes for its citizens, or it unacceptably imposes the values or interests of a certain group upon all citizens of the state. Notably, anarchism can co-exist with many other philosophical positions. For instance, there are  \\\\'anarcho-capitalists \\\\', who believe that the absence of a state ensures a purer operation of the capitalist system with a truly free market. On the other hand,  \\\\'anarcho-socialists \\\\' believe that mutual co-operation is a naturally arising result in a stateless world, and will in fact bring about greater equality than any state mechanism could provide.\n\nMotion: This House supports anarchism.\n\nAn argument for 'Anarchism': Many anarchists' central claim is this: not everyone who must live under the state consents to it, and it is therefore an unacceptable curtailment of that individual's natural autonomy. Natural autonomy matters, because individuals need to make their own moral decisions, or because they are entitled to pursue their own selfinterest. The state is no more than a randomly selected group of people which purports to be entitled to make those decisions for us,when in fact, they are not. By imposing its values, the state violates our natural autonomy."}
{'text': "The debate about how to tackle global warming presents a paradox. On the one hand, most of the damage done to the environment historically was done by Western nations, which industrialised first, and reaped the economic benefits. On the other hand, many of the world’s most significant producers of CO2 today are developing countries, which are only just industrialising, and their role in CO2 emissions is only growing. China is the largest single polluter (though it pollutes less per person than the USA), with 16.4per cent of the global emissions total in 2011, with America a close second with 15.7per cent. Brazil, Indonesia, Russia and India (all developing as middle-income nations)occupy places three to six in the league table of carbon producers (though if the EU is counted as one entity rather than 27 separate countries, it rises to third place). This paradox therefore presents a difficult question: should developed countries bear more of the burden for reducing emissions and preventing global warming?\n\nMotion: This House believes that the developed worldshould bear the burden of fighting climatechange.\n\nAn argument against 'Environmental responsibility, developed world shouldtake more': It is simply not possible to create the kind of change we need without involving the developing world. Not only do less developed countries now represent the bulk of the world’s emissions, but their emissions are rising; as such, even if developed countries were to cut their emissions, the emissions would simply be replaced. Moreover, a global political consensus is required to attain change, which cannot be done if the developing world shirks responsibility."}
{'text': "Gambling can cover many activities from betting on sports results, to buying a ticket for the national lottery, to playing cards or slot machines in a casino. Some forms of gambling are illegal or heavily regulated in many countries. In the twenty-first century, the debate has changed some what because of the emergence of the huge online gambling market. A debate could focus on Internet gambling or it could look at all forms of the activity.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all gambling for peopleunder 21.\n\nAn argument for 'Gambling, banning of': The more widely acceptable and available gambling becomes, the more people will become addicted to it. Gambling is as addictive as any drug and as ruinous.Those who become addicted invariably turn to crime to fund their habit. All gamblers lose in the end – that is why bookmakers, lottery companies, fruit machine companies and casinos continue to make huge profits year after year. We should regard gambling with the same moral disapproval with which we regard other activities (e.g. taking hard drugs) that lead via addiction to anti-social behaviour, financial ruin and crime. Online gambling sites have made it possible for people to play, for example, poker for hours on end without ever having to leave their homes. This has greatly exacerbated the problems with gambling addiction."}
{'text': "At the time of writing, in 2013, the euro is on a precipice, with the Greek financial crisis threatening its very existence. It is currently used in 17 EU member states and five further countries that have unilaterally adopted it. Interest rates are set by the European Central Bank (ECB), which aims to keep inflation at or below 2 per cent, but its mandate has now generally broadened to other crisis prevention measures. The euro is also the model for the proposed African and Gulf area single currencies.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the euro has had its day.\n\nAn argument for 'Euro, abolition of the': The benefits of the Eurozone are fairly minimal. As long as the EU retains the free movement of goods, the barriers created by having different currencies are fairly minimal. They simply require conversion and careful hedging of currency risk."}
{'text': "Abortion was always considered sinful, and was criminalised in Britain and most states of the USA in the nineteenth century. Backstreet abortions became a usual way to limit the size of families. In Britain, the 1967 Abortion Act legalised abortion when it was advised by a doctor on medical grounds. In the USA, the Roev. Wade case of 1973 in the Supreme Court set down the principle that in the first three months, abortion is to be allowed; and in the second trimester, it is to be allowed if it is required in the interests of maternal health. In neither country is ‘abortion on demand’ – abortions undertaken principally as a form of birth-control at the wish of the pregnant woman – officially allowed, but doctors (especially those in private clinics) will happily certify that carrying the pregnancy to term would cause severe mental distress to the woman. In many Catholic countries, abortion is still illegal.\n\nMotion: This House would put the mother first.\n\nAn argument against 'Abortion on demand': Human life is sacred, as is recognised by the billions of adherents of the main world religions. God creates each individual at conception and so abortion is murder, and an act against the will of God that destroys God’s work."}
{'text': "The House of Lords began as a second chamber for hereditary peers which had the power to veto bills coming to it from the House of Commons. The Parliament Act of 1911 removed the power to veto and replaced it with the power to delay a bill. This established the ultimate sovereignty of the House of Commons. In 1958, life peers were created in addition to hereditary ones. These appointments are made by the government of the day to senior representatives of politics, business and other areas of society. There are also 26 Lords Spiritual who are bishops of the Church of England. The setting up of the Supreme Court in 2009 ended the position of Law Lords (which had existed when the House of Lords was the highest court in the land). The Blair government started the process of reforming the House of Lords by removing almost all of the hereditary peers and replacing them with life peers. Tony Blair’s government, however, was divided about how to finish these reforms. Should the House of Lords eventually be fully elected, fully appointed by an independent commission or a mixture of the two? This article looks at the arguments for a fully elected versus a fully appointed chamber. There is also a related debate about whether to abolish the second chamber completely.\n\nMotion: This House would elect the Second Chamber.\n\nAn argument against 'House of Lords, elected v. appointed': An elected chamber would not perform the effective check on the House of Commons we would wish it to. One of two things can happen: either the same party controls both houses, in which case the second chamber simply rubberstamps the first without the rigorous scrutiny we want; or different parties control the two chambers which can lead to the gridlock that we see in the USA when different parties hold the presidency and a majority in Congress. This would prevent the Commons from governing effectively with the mandate it has been given."}
{'text': "It is generally agreed that we are living in an increasingly sexualised society and that children are exposed to the world of sex earlier than ever before. Many countries are seeing increased teenage pregnancy, abortion and STD rates. How should schools respond to this? By teaching more sex education and doing it earlier or by preaching abstinence?\n\nMotion: This House would keep the bedroom out of theclassroom.\n\nAn argument against 'Sex education': The age of consent varies from country to country (in the UK, it is 16) and teaching sex education before that age is essentially asking schools to collude with young people in breaking the law. Sex education actually adds to the sexualisation of childhood. If you show 12 year olds how to put a condom on a test tube, you are sending the message that you are expecting them to be sexually active. This will only lead to more unwanted pregnancies and STDs. It is better to teach abstinence or nothing at all."}
{'text': "Debates about organ donation fall into two categories: those about how to increase the overall size of the donor pool, to reduce scarcity of organs; and those about how to allocate scarce organs. While the former are more common, the latter are also vitally important. Given that organ scarcity is not going away any time soon, we also need to think about the questions of principle and policy about how we give them out. Most states adopt a broadly similar system of allocating organs based on need, without regard to other factors, which means that patients typically have to wait until they are very ill for transplant organs. The policy proposed here is already often enforced in a minimal form; for instance, by denying liver transplants to alcoholics who have failed to stop drinking. The policy is not mutually exclusive of other systems of allocation, such as the sale of organs or prioritising those who are registered donors themselves, but gives substantially greater weight to people’s prior choices. There is also a related debate about prioritising a healthy lifestyle in other medical treatment such as changing the order on waiting lists for surgery in favour of those who follow a healthy lifestyle, or (in national health services) denying costly treatment to smokers or the obese.\n\nMotion: This House would prioritise those who havelived healthy lives when allocating organs fortransplants.\n\nAn argument for 'Organ donation: priority for healthy lifestyle': This policy acts as an incentive for people to live more healthily. While it is obviously not plausible that teenagers will radically change their behaviour, many people who persistently engage in unhealthy practices, like drinking to excess or smoking, are aware that they will probably make themselves ill by doing so, but persist in this anyway. It is important for the government to send a signal that this type of behaviour is unacceptable; individuals must be encouraged to cleanup their lives and behave in a way that is conducive to public health generally."}
{'text': "There are different examples of blood sports in different cultures; cockfighting is illegal in most Western countries now, but is popular in much of Asia and Latin America; some parts of Spain still enjoy bullfighting. In the UK, foxhunting was banned in 2004, but the legislation is not rigorously enforced, and in 2013, hunts still take place up and down the country; Pakistan recently banned dogfighting, but it is still popular in rural areas. A debate may focus on one of these sports or look at banning them collectively. Not all of the arguments work for all of the sports – the issues around bullfighting and hunting, for example, overlap but are different, so be sure to pick your arguments accordingly. See also the introduction to the debate on ‘Animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘Animal rights’ (Section A) for a general summary of animal rights debates.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the unspeakable shouldleave the inedible alone.\n\nAn argument against 'Blood sports, abolition of': It has proved impossible to enforce bans on blood sports. Dogfighting is still popular, though illegal, in Pakistan; nobody knows how many illegal cockfights take place globally; and in Britain, it is believed that groups have found ways around the foxhunting ban and escaped prosecution. These ineffective bans undermine the government and it would be better to work to regulate conditions for animals involved in the sport."}
{'text': "In many countries, certain crimes carry mandatory prison sentences; that is, there is a level beyond which a judge cannot go, whatever the circumstances of the case. In some cases, such sentences are for a specific crime; for instance, many jurisdictions demand that murder carries a life sentence, and the USA has ‘mandatory minimums’ for particular drugs offences. In other cases, sentences are mandatory only if the offender has committed previous crimes; for instance, a ‘three strikes and you’re out’ policy which demands prison time for a third-time offender, whatever the crime.\n\nMotion: This House would give mandatory sentences torepeat offenders.\n\nAn argument against 'Mandatory prison sentences': Mandatory sentencing has been seen to hit ethnic minorities disproportionately hard. It is a worrying fact that law-and-order crackdowns are often used by law enforcement officers and the judicial system as an occasion for racist oppression of non-white communities. The best example of this is in the USA, where the ‘mandatory minimums’ for crack cocaine are substantially higher than those for powdered cocaine; crack is cheaper, and therefore mainly a drug used by black youth, while powder is often used by white people."}
{'text': "It is a tribute to the speed of the rise of the online social network that, when this book’s last edition was published in 1999, it is arguable that not a single social network existed. Early context-specific social networks like Friends Reunited and Classmates emerged in 2000, followed by more general ones such as Myspace, Bebo and Friendster in 2002 and 2003. But perhaps equally telling is that a teenager using Facebook today may wellnot even have heard of the above, let alone used them, because Facebook and Twitter, founded in 2004 and 2006 respectively, have swept through all competition, and become the all-consuming means of online communication. This debate understandably focuses on them.\n\nMotion: This House believes that social networking hasmade us better off.\n\nAn argument against 'Social networking has improved our lives': This is an unhelpful way to think about identity. We should live naturally, and letour identities be expressed through our actions, rather than requiring a hugely contrived set of publicly available ways of portraying ourselves."}
{'text': "The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons limits the possession of nuclear weapons to the five permanent members of the UN Security Council: the USA, the UK, France, Russia and China. When it was signed in 1968, they were the only nuclear-armed nations, but since then, India, Pakistan and North Korea have openly joined the nuclear club. All are outside the NPT, as is Israel, which is widely accepted to have nuclear weapons in spite of official denials. Iran has also attempted to join the nuclear club, and states including Libya and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) have made much more preliminary attempts to do so, while South Africa remains the only state to have voluntarily given up its nuclear weapons. This debate is principally about the moral question of whether any such right exists, but it is also partly about the merits of acknowledging it in international law.\n\nMotion: This House believes that every state has a rightto a nuclear weapon.\n\nAn argument against 'Nuclear weapons, right to possess': The use of nuclear weapons is never acceptable. When A-bombs explode, every living organism for miles around is instantly incinerated; they have incomparable destructive potential, which should never be used. They rely on indiscriminately targeting populations, rather than attempting to avoid civilian casualties, which dissolves all of the normal rules of war. Moreover, radiation remains lethal for many, many years afterwards, which means that people who cannot possibly have been legitimate targets (as they have not yet been born) will be affected. It is not possible to have a right to do something fundamentally immoral."}
{'text': "City centres around the world have taken different approaches to dealing with the gridlock and pollution that an abundance of cars can cause. London has a congestion charge, Los Angeles and Sydney have ‘carpool’ lanes and Athens restricts the days on which cars can enter the city. This debate suggests going further with an outright ban on cars in city centres. A definition should make sure to detail any exemptions the Proposition team wishes to make, such as emergency vehicles, taxis, deliveries or cars for people with disabilities, but be aware that too many exemptions could weaken the case.\n\nMotion: This House would ban cars from city centres.\n\nAn argument for 'Cars in city centres, banning of': In many more economically developed countries, road accidents are the single biggest cause of deaths in children and teenagers. Banning cars from city centres would slash accident rates and save lives as many schools and houses are on busy roads. Bus drivers do not drink and drive, speed, or talk on their phones while driving; it is private car drivers who cause accidents. With the trend for more cycling, we have also seen increased rates of cyclist fatalities that could be prevented."}
{'text': "Debates about organ donation fall into two categories: those about how to increase the overall size of the donor pool, to reduce scarcity of organs; and those about how to allocate scarce organs. While the former are more common, the latter are also vitally important. Given that organ scarcity is not going away any time soon, we also need to think about the questions of principle and policy about how we give them out. Most states adopt a broadly similar system of allocating organs based on need, without regard to other factors, which means that patients typically have to wait until they are very ill for transplant organs. The policy proposed here is already often enforced in a minimal form; for instance, by denying liver transplants to alcoholics who have failed to stop drinking. The policy is not mutually exclusive of other systems of allocation, such as the sale of organs or prioritising those who are registered donors themselves, but gives substantially greater weight to people’s prior choices. There is also a related debate about prioritising a healthy lifestyle in other medical treatment such as changing the order on waiting lists for surgery in favour of those who follow a healthy lifestyle, or (in national health services) denying costly treatment to smokers or the obese.\n\nMotion: This House would prioritise those who havelived healthy lives when allocating organs fortransplants.\n\nAn argument against 'Organ donation: priority for healthy lifestyle': We do hold people responsible for their choices, but we also acknowledge that sometimes it is important to protect people from them. We do not, in general, deny medical care to anyone who has caused their own illness; rather, the state recognises the importance of providing a safety net against people’s irrational or short-term choices. A death sentence does not give someone a chance to learn from their choices, which is also a very important part of living in a free society."}
{'text': "This topic will rarely be set as bluntly as a straightforward question of whether there should be any censorship or not, but rather reflects an underlying theme in numerous debates, about when and where the state should intervene in speech acts. It is important to adapt the arguments below to context; censorship of pornography, for instance, isquite a different question from whether racist political parties should be censored. However, the overarching theme is an age-old one, dating back at least to Plato, and remains very important.\n\nMotion: This House believes that censorship has noplace in a free society.\n\nAn argument for 'Censorship by the state': By censoring speech, we are able to stop new recruits being drawn over to the ‘darkside’ of racist or discriminatory groups. While it may ‘drive them underground’,that is where we want them; in that way, they are unable to get new followers, so their pernicious views cannot spread. This may entrench the views of some, but they were unlikely to be convinced anyway, so outright bans are a better approach."}
{'text': "The International Criminal Court (ICC) came into being on 1 July 2002. Located in The Hague, the ICC is intended to prosecute the most important war criminals,replacing special regional tribunals for Rwanda, the former Yugoslavia and Sierra Leone that had represented the world’s first attempt at taking a strong stand against the most heinous atrocities. There are three routes by which a case can come to the court. First, if the crime took place in one of the states that are parties to the case. Second, if the accused is a national of a state that is a party to the case. Third, if it is referred by the UN Security Council. At the time of writing, of 30 people indicted by the ICC, 13 remain at large, 7 are being held before trial, 4 have been acquitted, 2 are appealing convictions, 2 are on trial, and 2 have died.\n\nMotion: This House believes that war crimes are a globalresponsibility.\n\nAn argument against 'International Criminal Court, abolition of the': National sovereignty is not absolute, and does not extend to cases where states are ‘unable or unwilling’ to prosecute the worst crimes on earth, which are the only occasions on which the ICC intervenes. Moreover, in most cases, the ICC mainly intervenes in cases where national governments have requested assistance (like Uganda) or the perpetrators are abroad (e.g. the prosecution of Jean-Pierre Bemba who fled to the Central African Republic after committing crimes in Eastern Congo)."}
{'text': "Utilitarianism is almost certainly the best known moral framework, but it is often used imprecisely.That is perhaps the fault of the slogan coined by Jeremy Bentham (1776) in A Fragment on Government,advocating the ‘greatest happiness of the greatest number’. But as a moment’s reflection shows, that is not one principle, but two. There might be some hypothetical situations where we can, for instance, increase 20 people’s happiness by one unit, or 10 people’s by three units; in such a case, the ‘greatest happiness’ would commend the latter, but the ‘greatest number’ would commend the former. Put simply,utilitarians believe in creating the greatest amount of happiness possible.That may sound like an intuitively plausible claim, but as the following arguments show, it is far from obvious that utilitarianism is the correct moral world view.This raises a final important point; utilitarianism may be deployed in many debates, but it must be argued for. Simply to say ‘According to John Stuart Mill’s principle of utilitarianism . . .’ does not advance the debate.\n\nMotion: This House would maximise happiness.\n\nAn argument for 'Utilitarianism': Utilitarianism simply does not allow these kinds of abuses with any regularity, because their impact on happiness is so severe. ‘Rule-utilitarians’ believe that rights can be justified on the grounds that rules need to be imposed on human action to maximise happiness, because otherwise biases and the difficulties of decision making in any given case overwhelm us. Moreover, if torture is, in the end, the utility-maximising act, then so be it; that does not mean it is not what we should do."}
{'text': "Unlimited population growth cannot be a good thing; Thomas Malthus pointed out 200 years ago that the human capacity for reproduction could disastrously overtake the resources available to mankind. The debate now is whether we are heading for a ‘Malthusian’ disaster, and whether measures to avoid it should be ‘soft’ (education of women, economic growth) or ‘hard’ (promotion of free contraceptives, abortion, penalties for large families, etc.). A Proposition team that ducks the second type and sticks only to soft measures does not deserve to win this debate. The classic example of a successful population control regime is that in China, the ‘one-child policy’; in recent years, however, this has been relaxed, questioning its relevance for the modern age.\n\nMotion: This House would introduce one-child policiesacross the developing world.\n\nAn argument for 'Population control': Restricting population growth has other spin-offs, particularly the empowerment of women, who can be given control of reproduction. This allows them to pursue education and job opportunities, as well as better health and longer life expectancy. The spread of sexually transmitted diseases is contained when condoms are more widely used."}
{'text': "Many countries have set up DNA databases of convicted criminals. Britain has controversially included the DNA of all those suspected of a crime even if there was no conviction, but now must delete those records after two years if there has been no conviction. But should governments set up DNA databases for all their citizens? Such DNA databases could have wide-ranging uses for research, health and crime, but many think the invasion of privacy is too great. A debate could be had just about criminal databases, but this article looks at the introduction of a universal database.\n\nMotion: This House would establish a universal DNAdatabase.\n\nAn argument for 'DNA database, universal': We should not be concerned about the loss of privacy here. The information would be protected and its use would be regulated; for example, legislation could be passed to prevent employers or insurance companies having access to an individual’s genetic information. Innocent people have nothing to fear from the police being able to run a DNA search on them. Research would be done with anonymised data."}
{'text': "This topic will rarely be set as bluntly as a straightforward question of whether there should be any censorship or not, but rather reflects an underlying theme in numerous debates, about when and where the state should intervene in speech acts. It is important to adapt the arguments below to context; censorship of pornography, for instance, isquite a different question from whether racist political parties should be censored. However, the overarching theme is an age-old one, dating back at least to Plato, and remains very important.\n\nMotion: This House believes that censorship has noplace in a free society.\n\nAn argument against 'Censorship by the state': Censorship such as legislation against incitement to racial hatred drives racists and others underground and thus entrenches and ghettoises that section of the community, rather than drawing its members into open and rational debate. This makes it harder to challenge their views, and thus to convince wavering members of such groups that their leaders are wrong."}
{'text': "Many countries subsidise the arts to some degree. The French, for example, subsidise their film industry; the Indian government gives money to dance, music and drama; and the British government, through the Arts Council, has supported arts projects, some of which have invited controversy. In contrast, the USA gives very little support to artists, but does fund free access to national art galleries. The arguments vary slightly in the debate, depending on whether you are talking about giving the money towards the creation or the consumption of the arts, but most definitions will cover both.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish state funding of the arts.\n\nAn argument for 'Arts funding by the state, abolition of': The role of the state in the modern world is not to prescribe the means of expression of its citizens. Funding of the arts by the state amounts to such prescription – money will always go to one favoured art form (often traditional figurative painting and sculpture) rather than others (e.g. more conceptual art forms). To avoid having a pernicious influence over artistic expression and development, state funding of the arts should be abolished. The ideal of art is individual expression – this is incompatible with state (or arguably,any) patronage."}
{'text': "The British Broadcasting Service (BBC) is a public service broadcasting corporation funded from a licence fee. Anybody who has a television set or uses a computer or phone to watch television in real time must pay the licence fee. The fee is set by government and in 2013, stood at £145.50. The BBC was set up in the 1920s and has grown to encompass eight television channels, 10 radio stations and a website. Many people believe that the BBC is a national treasure which must be protected, but there is a growing voice calling for it to be privatised.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the BBC should beprivatised.\n\nAn argument against 'BBC, privatisation of': Funding through the licence fee does not lead to lack of independence. The BBC is very effective at holding the government to account; you only have to watch a government minister being grilled by Jeremy Paxman or listen to John Humphrys on Radio 4 for evidence of the independence of the news. Commercial stations like Sky or Fox produce much more biased coverage than the BBC."}
{'text': "This debate focuses on employees such as teachers, doctors and nurses, transport workers, etc. who are working within the public sector. It may or may not include emergency service workers depending on the definition. It does not usually cover the armed forces. In many countries, trades unions in these areas are very strong and workers use striking as a bargaining tool for better pay and working conditions. Is this an important protection of workers’ rights against their powerful government employer, or is it anti-democratic to hold the government to ransom in this way when it has been elected?\n\nMotion: This House would remove the right to strikefrom public sector workers.\n\nAn argument for 'Right to strike for public sector workers': A strike allows workers to raise awareness of their plight and therefore informs the electorate on the government’s actions which they can take into account when they vote."}
{'text': "The United Nations, by Chapter 7 of its Charter, gives the Security Council the task of identifying all threats to and breaches of global peace and acting accordingly to end them, but it is still entirely dependent on the co-operation of states with its interventions and peacekeeping missions to do so. This debate instead proposes that the UN should recruit a permanent standing army, which would be able to respond quickly to potential atrocities and threats to peace. There are some practical problems with this idea, but what is even less clear is who would run such a body; the Proposition team must make a definitional choice as to whether the Security Council, General Assembly or the Secretary-General would ultimately command it.\n\nMotion: This House would give the UN a standing army.\n\nAn argument against 'United Nations standing army': Most of the UN’s work is, rightly, not intervention in on going conflicts, but peacekeeping after they have been resolved. If the UN becomes a permanent antagonist in global conflicts, its ability to negotiate peaceful settlements is hugely undermined."}
{'text': "This debate is not unlike the debate about limiting bonuses, but salary caps have a less direct impact on incentive structures for executives, so this debate is more about the morality of earnings. Pay for CEOs has risen particularly rapidly in recent years, and certainly much faster than average earnings. To put it in context, the average American CEO earns US$9.7 million a year, or 3,489 years of salary for the average worker.\n\nMotion: This House would cap executive salaries.\n\nAn argument against 'Salary capping, mandatory': This is not a ‘collective action’ problem; it is competition. If firms genuinely do not value their employees that much, then they can let them go and get someone less expensive. That is how a free market in labour works."}
{'text': "Many of the great landmark moments for liberal social movements that live in the popular imagination today are decisions of the US Supreme Court; Brown v.Board of Education of Topeka abolishing school segregation, Roe v.Wa delegalising abortion, or Lawrence v.Texas striking down Texas’s anti-sodomy laws. Yet plenty of other countries achieved the same things through legislative change: the Wolfenden Report, for instance, which led to decriminalising homosexuality in the UK; or the Irish referendum on divorce in 1996. Precisely which social movements are at issue will vary across countries; gay rights will be an issue in many, but some still have illegal abortion, issues over women’s rights or racial discrimination. An interesting new area for this debate issocio-economic rights, such as rights to housing and education; these were placed, for example, in the 1996 South African Constitution, which has led to a series of judgements there.\n\nMotion: This House believes that social movements should pursue change in courts rather than legislatures.\n\nAn argument for 'Social movements: courts v. legislatures': Many countries have constitutions which encode the basic value of equality between persons, and are made their guardians. But often these general pronouncements need filling out with specifics, and elected politicians are slow to do so. Courts then fill this gap by deciding on specific rights."}
{'text': "It is difficult to define a cultural treasure, but the Proposition team must have a go, and perhaps nominate a body that will make specific decisions. Treasures can be defined as including relics, documents, artefacts, etc. The British are most under pressure to return many treasures held in the British Museum and so the arguments highlight them and high-profile treasures such as the Parthenon (or Elgin) Marbles from Greece, the Rosetta Stone and artefacts from the Tomb of Tutankhamun from Egypt, and the Benin Bronzes from Nigeria. Other countries, however, can also be included; for example, there are Korean treasures, taken during the Korean War, in the Smithsonian in Washington, DC.\n\nMotion: This House would return cultural treasures totheir country of origin.\n\nAn argument for 'Cultural treasures, returning of': The majority of the British Museum’s collection is in storage and not on display. The Tun-huang statues are not on display in the British Museum – in Malaysia they would be given pride of place. Artefacts that do not matter to the British can be significant in their country of origin and should be displayed there for the world to appreciate them."}
{'text': "Gambling can cover many activities from betting on sports results, to buying a ticket for the national lottery, to playing cards or slot machines in a casino. Some forms of gambling are illegal or heavily regulated in many countries. In the twenty-first century, the debate has changed some what because of the emergence of the huge online gambling market. A debate could focus on Internet gambling or it could look at all forms of the activity.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all gambling for peopleunder 21.\n\nAn argument against 'Gambling, banning of': Given that anybody can host a card game in their home, it is virtually impossible to enforce a ban on gambling. If you take away legal avenues for gambling like betting shops and casinos, organised criminals will step in and provide the alternatives, getting rich as a result."}
{'text': "Pornography laws vary from country to country. The Internet has changed the nature of the debate as anyone with a computer now has unlimited access to a vast world of online pornography. It is harder to regulate both the production and the viewing of pornography in this area, so is it time to accept it as a healthy part of our sexuality? It is assumed in this debate that anything that is illegal in reality should also be in pornography, so child pornography, rape, bestiality, etc. are outside the scope of the debate and the Proposition team should clarify that.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all adult porno-graphy.\n\nAn argument for 'Pornography': The Internet has allowed people to enjoy pornography in their own homes privately without having to visit sex shops or clubs. The vast amount of pornography available has meant that people can explore their sexuality and find material that caters to their taste. It has also meant that trying to ban pornography is almost impossible, as access is so easy."}
{'text': "Polygamy is the practice of marrying more than one person at the same time. It is illegal in much of the world today, but it is recognised in various Islamic countries including Saudi Arabia and some African countries. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints officially ended the practice of polygamy (or plural marriages) in Mormonism in 1890, but splinter groups still practise it today and many people associate polygamy with the Mormon community.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise polygamy.\n\nAn argument for 'Polygamy, legalisation of': The government should respect freedom of choice. Nobody is forced into polygamy or harmed by its existence, and so the government should stay out of marriage and not interfere in people’s private lives. This is particularly true if polygamy is part of one’s religious practices, as with some branches of Islam. In this case, there would need to be a very strong harm to justify limiting religious freedoms and no such harm exists."}
{'text': "In the USA, a candidate must be 25 to stand for the House of Representatives, 30 for the Senate and 35 for president. In Italy, a candidate must be 50 or more to stand for president; and in Germany, the age limit is 40 to stand for chancellor, though the country allows 18 year olds to stand for other positions. Are all these restrictions ageist and should the age of candidacy for all positions be the same as the voting age? In countries such as Australia and Denmark, 18 year olds may stand for any office. In Britain, the minimum age to stand for parliament was lowered from 21 to 18 in 2007. Is this more democratic and representative or is it reckless?\n\nMotion: This House would allow 18 year olds to stand for office.\n\nAn argument against 'Political candidacy, age of': The electorate of a constituency cannot be expected to trust an 18 year old to fulfil such a demanding role. People aged 18 with little or no experience of life or work are not given highly responsible jobs in industry and commerce; nor should they be in politics. Local parties would probably not select them and the electorate would probably not vote for them."}
{'text': "There are many obvious arguments against nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, but we are much more accustomed to a ready acceptance of the acceptability and desirability of large stocks of conventional weapons. This debate focuses on the possibilities of reducing those stocks of weapons, either by a refusal to trade in them, or gradual reductions of stockpiles and non-renewal of weapons programmes. Such a debate does not require a country to leave itself with no defence systems whatsoever, but allows it to retain measures to defend itself; it mainly limits its capacity to launch offensive wars.\n\nMotion: This House would end the arms trade.\n\nAn argument against 'Armaments, limitations on conventional': ‘Perpetual peace’ is not a realistic goal. States’ interests and ideologies will always collide with each other, and so there will always be situations in which they may wish to go to war. In consequence, there will also always be a demand for arms, and a willingness to supply them. Given that war is inevitable, there will always be a large international economy based on weaponry in which we may justifiably beinvolved."}
{'text': "This debate considers whether state censorship can be justified by the harms caused by violent video games. Games such as Grand Theft Auto have attracted increasing criticism over recent years as the amount of violence has escalated.\n\nMotion: This House would ban violent video games.\n\nAn argument against 'Violent video games, banning of': Violent video games are just entertainment and the government should not intervene to limit people’s freedom of choice to play them, as they do not harm the player or anyone else. People know that it is make-believe and it does not therefore influence their views of reality. People who are psychologically disturbed and commit awful crimes would do so without video games. The games cannot be blamed when the overwhelming majority of people play and are unaffected. In fact it may be that video games can channel aggression which might otherwise come out in real violence."}
{'text': "Unlike the ‘justifiability of terrorism debate’, this debate does become more definitional. That is because there are some terrorist groups with whom negotiation seems almost inevitable (Hamas, for instance, is also the elected Palestinian government), but others with whom it seems absurd (Al-Qaeda does not have a set of well-defined aims that lend themselves to a sensible compromise, but demands a restoration of Islamic law stretching from Spain to China).This debate, therefore, rests on the ability of both sides to move away from reductive examples and focus on the general principles of the debate, rather than simply trading case studies.\n\nMotion: This House would negotiate with terrorists.\n\nAn argument for 'Terrorists, negotiation with': Negotiation in its simplest form means ‘talking to’. We must keep an open dialogue with terrorist groups, to understand them and encourage them to take part in the political process without arms. Negotiation does not automatically require concessions, but can simply offer a basis on which to air grievances, which may lead to greater understanding."}
{'text': "In an increasingly secular world, does the Church still have anything left to say about social and political issues, or should it be confined to the realm of private spirituality? And if it does have anything to say about political matters, will anybody listen? Or is it the case that, in a multicultural society, only democratically elected politicians should have the authority to shape social and economic policy?\n\nMotion: This House believes that religion is and shouldbe a political force.\n\nAn argument for 'Churches in politics': Religious leaders do not rely on the support of companies, organisations or political parties. In times of political consensus, we need such people to defend those in society who have no voice. Religious leaders can fulfil a unique role as genuine critics of the abuses and wrongs of the secular world – a position that no secular figure could take without being accused of hypocrisy. This is the traditional role that was played by Biblical prophets such as Jeremiah and Hosea."}
{'text': "Obviously, the social contract is a metaphor, but it is relied upon with disturbing regularity as obviously being something which exists and binds all members of a society.That view is a bad one, and wrong; however, there may be other ways of arguing for asocial contract which stand up to more scrutiny. Be careful, however, to establish what exactly it is that this ‘contract’ might sign us up for; many social contract arguments only aim to legitimate any kind of state, not a specific set of government policies.\n\nMotion: This House believes that there is no such thing as a social contract.\n\nAn argument against 'Social contract, existence of the': Voting does not represent consent to the state for two reasons: first, because we might think the state was totally illegitimate while desiring some control over how it is run; second, because many people vote for the losing side, so how do they ‘consent’? Similarly, use of public services is, in many cases, something out of which we cannot opt (clean air, national defence); and in other cases (such as healthcare), we may still want it, even if we wish it were not provided for us by the state."}
{'text': "Child labour is often a taboo; in the words of the International Labour Organization(ILO), what it does to victims is ‘deprive them of the chance to be children’. However, it has also been exceptionally common throughout history; until the twentieth century,even in Western Europe, most children worked, albeit part-time. This debate has two strands; first, whether even at its best, child labour could be justified; and second, whether given the said reality that many children who ‘labour’ are in fact slaves, measures ought to be taken against it. It can be an analysis debate about whether child labour is right, an individual choice debate about buying goods produced with child labour, or a policy debate about legalisation. For the most part, the focus is on the developing world.\n\nMotion: This House would buy goods made with childlabour.\n\nAn argument against 'Child labour can be justified': Child labour is very hard to regulate, and child workers are easy to use, because they cannot speak out. This means that child labour will always be closely associated with slavery, abuse and the use of children for dangerous work. Legalisation would not have stopped recent labour abuses, but does increase the group of children who can be abused."}
{'text': "Political correctness is a movement that or iginated in the USA in the 1980s. Its aim is to promote liberal and egalitarian attitudes especially through modifications to language and behaviour. In Britain, the main initial reaction to political correctness was one of derision, especially based on extreme examples of ‘PC’ talk. However, some examples of political correctness, such as the use of ‘she’ and ‘her’ rather than ‘he’ and ‘his’ as the default personal pronoun (e.g.‘the reader is asked to use her imagination’) have become widespread and accepted. The central question in this debate is whether modifying language and behaviour at the everyday level can really have a large-scale impact on equality and social justice. As always, address the principles and beware of playing‘example tennis’.\n\nMotion: This House would be politically correct.\n\nAn argument against 'Political correctness': Political correctness is too often taken to extremes. A London teacher forbade her class to see the film of Romeo and Juliet because it did not provide gay rolemodels. A teacher in America suspended a six-year-old boy from school for kissing a girl – this, it was claimed, was sexual harassment."}
{'text': "A bill was passed through the House of Commons to legalise gay marriage in February 2013, but it remains a controversial topic in the UK and around the world. Many countries have now legalised it including the Netherlands, Spain and Canada, and it is legal in nine US states. Supporters of gay marriage see it as an important factor in equal rights, whereas its opponents see marriage as an inherently heterosexual union. A Proposition team may want to consider whether it would force religious institutions to marry gay couples, or whether it simply wants the union to be legally recognised where it is performed voluntarily by religious leaders or in civil ceremonies.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise gay marriage.\n\nAn argument against 'Gay marriage, legalising of': Homosexuals, by definition, will not produce children, and so are not appropriate candidates for financial incentives to home-making and the maintenance of family values."}
{'text': "The ‘tabloid’ press has a particular reputation for relishing the details of the private lives of public figures. The death in Paris in a car crash of Diana, Princess of Wales in 1997 refuelled calls for restrictions on the paparazzi (press photographers) from whom she and Dodi Al Fayed had been fleeing. In 2012, The News of the World was shut down after it emerged that its journalists had been hacking the phones of some politicians and celebrities. The private lives (and particularly the sex lives) of politicians, actors, singers and sports personalities are constantly subjected to media scrutiny. In France, the media respect privacy much more. Is it fair that every aspect of the lives of public figures and celebrities should become public property, or should something be done to protect these figures’ privacy? The arguments vary slightly if the debate is narrowed to just politicians or just celebrities. The debate may be argued in principle, or the definition may specify a privacy law, self-regulation or an independent regulatory body.\n\nMotion: This House believes that public figures have aright to private lives.\n\nAn argument against 'Privacy of public figures': Public exposure is one of the prices of fame and power. Politicians and celebrities realise this from the start, and if they do not like it, they should not enter the public sphere. These figures rely on the media for their fame and wealth – they cannot then complain if their lives become, to a large extent, public property. If a person goes into politics, has sexual affairs, and is caught, it is s/he who is to be blamed for the distress caused to his/her family, not the media."}
{'text': "The essence of the welfare state is that it provides benefits and services to everyone in a country, regardless of their ability to pay. It is founded on a belief that everyone deserves equal quality of certain essential public services, regardless of how much they earn. Objections can be both ideological (it rewards the undeserving) and practical (it provides poor outcomes). There are major definitional issues in this debate; teams should attempt to broadly agree on an expansive but imperfectly defined mass of things that the welfare state covers, ranging from schools to unemployment benefits.\n\nMotion: This House believes in the welfare state.\n\nAn argument against 'Welfare state': Society is responsible to all its members, but equally, its members should not all receive welfare if they can afford private healthcare, education and pensions. All state benefits should be means-tested so that only the truly needy receive them."}
{'text': "Castration is the removal of any sexual gland (the testes or ovaries) in males or females. This debate is about the process of administering drugs to sex offenders to remove all function in those glands; the main drug used to destroy testicular function is called Depo-Provera. Policies are of two types: voluntary and mandatory. Voluntary castrations are less contentious; sex offenders may opt to take the drugs. Mandatory ones are the meat of this debate. In some US states, castration is mandatory after two sexual offences; in others, it is at the judge’s discretion. In some countries including Poland, Moldova and Estonia, castration can be compulsory immediately upon conviction.\n\nMotion: This House would chemically castrate sexoffenders.\n\nAn argument for 'Sex offenders, chemical castration of': Sex offenders currently pose a problem for the criminal justice system. They are often victimised in prison and subjected to a witch-hunt and, on their release, are hounded out of each new community by concerned members of the public.Chemical castration would make these people safe – they could live in the community without posing a threat. This would avoid their abuse in prisons, would help reduce the ever-increasing prison population and would allay the fears of concerned members of a community."}
{'text': "In some countries, especially the USA, criminal trials are commonly televised, and can be both broadcast live in full, or shown in highlight form. In other countries, especially the UK, there has generally been a strong ban on such coverage, although in 2004 it was briefly experimented with. This debate is about criminal trials; civil cases are rarely dramatic enough, or of enough public interest, for anyone to care about broadcasting them (although the UK Supreme Court does live-stream its hearings on the Internet, without many viewers!). Perhaps the most famous example is the 1995 trial of former American footballer O. J. Simpson for the murder of his ex-wife and a male friend, but other high-profile cases, such as singer Michael Jackson’s sexual abuse trial, have also been broadcast.\n\nMotion: This House would put cameras in the court-room.\n\nAn argument for 'Televised trials': If trials are televised, a huge audience is made aware of the case and the evidence, and crucial witnesses may come forward who would otherwise have been ignorant of the case and their potential role in it. Televising trials will thus increase the chance of a fair trial."}
{'text': "The arguments below assume a motion on the introduction of compulsory identity cards.A debate on voluntary identity cards is possible, and the last set of points addresses this. A Proposition team can clarify the debate by defining what information would be held on the card, whether it would be compulsory, and if so, what the penalties would be for failing to have one. Many countries including Belgium, Germany, South Korea and Pakistan issue compulsory ID cards. Others such as Italy, Japan and Canada have systems of voluntary ID cards while the UK, Denmark and Australia among others have no national schemes.\n\nMotion: This House would introduce a national identity card.\n\nAn argument against 'National identity cards': With separate cards we have a choice about whether and when to carry them, and which ones to take out with us. Smart-card technology is so advanced as to be dangerous; we would have no idea what information was contained on our ID cards that could be read by others, and no choice about how much information to declare. Employers and the police could discriminate against us on the basis of hidden facts that we should have the right to keep hidden. The cost of introducing millions of smart cards and vast numbers of card-reading machines would be enormous. Theft of the cards would become major business, and the police are always technologically less advanced than the criminals, as credit card fraud and online financial crime suggest."}
{'text': "It is generally agreed that we are living in an increasingly sexualised society and that children are exposed to the world of sex earlier than ever before. Many countries are seeing increased teenage pregnancy, abortion and STD rates. How should schools respond to this? By teaching more sex education and doing it earlier or by preaching abstinence?\n\nMotion: This House would keep the bedroom out of theclassroom.\n\nAn argument for 'Sex education': If you leave it to families to discuss sex, you will get widely different results. Some parents may leave it too late and others may not themselves be aware of the changes in contraception and STDs since they were young. Children will end up with a collection of half-facts and misunderstanding gathered from friends and magazines, and will not be equipped to deal responsibly with the choices they will face. Schools can provide a uniform knowledge and it is part of their role to develop young people socially and emotionally as well as academically."}
{'text': "The ‘tabloid’ press has a particular reputation for relishing the details of the private lives of public figures. The death in Paris in a car crash of Diana, Princess of Wales in 1997 refuelled calls for restrictions on the paparazzi (press photographers) from whom she and Dodi Al Fayed had been fleeing. In 2012, The News of the World was shut down after it emerged that its journalists had been hacking the phones of some politicians and celebrities. The private lives (and particularly the sex lives) of politicians, actors, singers and sports personalities are constantly subjected to media scrutiny. In France, the media respect privacy much more. Is it fair that every aspect of the lives of public figures and celebrities should become public property, or should something be done to protect these figures’ privacy? The arguments vary slightly if the debate is narrowed to just politicians or just celebrities. The debate may be argued in principle, or the definition may specify a privacy law, self-regulation or an independent regulatory body.\n\nMotion: This House believes that public figures have aright to private lives.\n\nAn argument for 'Privacy of public figures': The hunger for salacious details about celebrities’ lives has led to unacceptable behaviour from journalists. Many celebrities, including those who do not themselves court the media, have journalists camped outside their homes 24 hours a day and are intimidated by paparazzi who pursue them ruthlessly when they step outside. The incentives have also become high enough to encourage law-breaking, and the phone hacking scandal in the UK in 2012 revealed the appalling depths to which tabloids had sunk."}
{'text': "This is a policy that sits ill with the long-held legal doctrine that for most crimes, a person must have the relevant mens rea (state of mind) for that crime; it is hard to see how parents can have the state of mind for a crime committed by someone else. But it is easy to borrow from other areas of law, such as the doctrine of ‘vicarious liability’ which holds employers civilly liable for the actions of their employees, to make this work. While thereare no examples of this policy being enacted in a complete way, there are some smaller-scale examples of it, such as punishing parents for their children playing truant from school or bullying other children (the former in Florida, the latter in Michigan).\n\nMotion: This House would punish parents for theirchildren’s crimes.\n\nAn argument for 'Parents, responsibility for the criminal acts of their children': Parents are responsible for giving their children a sense of morality and bringing them up from an early age to have good moral habits. Committing a crime is a violation of those moral norms and attitudes that parents should have instilled in their children from a young age, so it is perfectly reasonable to hold them responsible."}
{'text': "The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons limits the possession of nuclear weapons to the five permanent members of the UN Security Council: the USA, the UK, France, Russia and China. When it was signed in 1968, they were the only nuclear-armed nations, but since then, India, Pakistan and North Korea have openly joined the nuclear club. All are outside the NPT, as is Israel, which is widely accepted to have nuclear weapons in spite of official denials. Iran has also attempted to join the nuclear club, and states including Libya and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) have made much more preliminary attempts to do so, while South Africa remains the only state to have voluntarily given up its nuclear weapons. This debate is principally about the moral question of whether any such right exists, but it is also partly about the merits of acknowledging it in international law.\n\nMotion: This House believes that every state has a rightto a nuclear weapon.\n\nAn argument against 'Nuclear weapons, right to possess': The consequences of a nuclear weapon ever being deployed are sufficiently catastrophic that anything which raises the risk of their ever being used is immoral. States cannot guarantee that they have adequate command-and-control structures in place to prevent these weapons being fired in the wrong circumstances;nor can they prevent a change of government that makes them less restrained. So it is never acceptable to possess nuclear weapons, even if they are ultimately never intended for use."}
{'text': "Private schools are those that receive no funding from the state and are instead usually financed through parental fees. They are sometimes called ‘independent schools’ and, confusingly, in the UK they are often referred to as ‘public schools’, whereas most of the world would use that term to describe state schools. Opponents of private schools usually point to the inequality that they believe the schools perpetuate in society, whereas supporters argue that parents should be able to spend their money how they wish.\n\nMotion: This House would pay for its education.\n\nAn argument against 'Private schools': In a moral society, freedom of choice is right because it is available to everyone. If a choice is available only to the few who can afford it, then it up holds the class-ridden, elitist society we are struggling to overthrow. Education is necessary for everyone and should be freely available – it is far more important than a car or a stereo and any comparison between them is fatuous."}
{'text': "It is commonly held in educated Western culture that religious belief is irrational and unsubstantiated. But can all the great geniuses of Christianity and other religions throughout the ages have simply been mistaken, not to mention the billions of religious believers worldwide today? Some twentieth-century theologians, such as Paul Tillich, have redefined God as ‘the ground of being’, in an attempt to get away from simplistic and anthropomorphic conceptions of God as a very powerful person, or even as an old man with a long beard. Does this idea of God make any sense? Can traditional conceptions of a personal, intelligent, benevolent Creator God be rejuvenated? Or is all talk of God rendered meaningless in a modern scientific world?\n\nMotion: This House believes that God is not dead.\n\nAn argument for 'God, existence of': The universe, like everything else, must have a meaning, purpose and destiny. It is God who provides and guarantees that meaning and purpose to the universe and to individual people. The universe and humanity can be redeemed in the end by the love of God. There is objective meaning and redemption above individual human lives – there is a greater cosmic process of which we can have intimations through belief in God."}
{'text': "Abortion was always considered sinful, and was criminalised in Britain and most states of the USA in the nineteenth century. Backstreet abortions became a usual way to limit the size of families. In Britain, the 1967 Abortion Act legalised abortion when it was advised by a doctor on medical grounds. In the USA, the Roev. Wade case of 1973 in the Supreme Court set down the principle that in the first three months, abortion is to be allowed; and in the second trimester, it is to be allowed if it is required in the interests of maternal health. In neither country is ‘abortion on demand’ – abortions undertaken principally as a form of birth-control at the wish of the pregnant woman – officially allowed, but doctors (especially those in private clinics) will happily certify that carrying the pregnancy to term would cause severe mental distress to the woman. In many Catholic countries, abortion is still illegal.\n\nMotion: This House would put the mother first.\n\nAn argument against 'Abortion on demand': We can address overpopulation in the developing world with other measures such as increased availability of contraception as well as economic and technical aid programmes."}
{'text': "Some countries, including Britain, provide free nursery or kindergarten education for one or two years before the start of school. But is this a good use of state funding? Should children be left to play at this age, or can these years be the foundation of success in education?\n\nMotion: This House believes that nursery education is aright, not a privilege.\n\nAn argument for 'Nursery education, free provision of by the state': A culture of nursery education means that parents (usually women) will take shorter career breaks when they have children. This is good for the economy, and in particular is good for women and gender equality, as studies show that the longer women are off work, the more their careers suffer."}
{'text': "The popular imaginary of terrorism might now mainly focus on Al-Qaeda and the mass destruction of 9/11, the London and Madrid train bombings and associations with the Taliban, but there are many terrorist groups with arguably far more just aims; historical examples include the African National Congress (ANC) or the Irish Republican Army (IRA), and current ones include ETA (the Basque nationalist movement) and Palestinian terrorism. The point of the debate is not to argue about whether specific causes are just, but whether, assuming they are, violence against civilians would then belegitimate to pursue those aims. Equally, while the Proposition team must defend some specific acts of violence, they need not support, for instance, the blowing up of kindergartens.\n\nMotion: This House believes that terrorism is justifiablein pursuit of a just cause.\n\nAn argument against 'Terrorism, justifiability of': There are very few cases of terroris mactually working. In some cases, the satisfactory outcome is only achieved once the terrorists are forced to renounce violence; but in most cases, the fighting continues and nothing is achieved. The IRA won no concessions from the British government in 70 years of violent campaigning, and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) was forced to renounce terrorism before negotiations began."}
{'text': "Gambling can cover many activities from betting on sports results, to buying a ticket for the national lottery, to playing cards or slot machines in a casino. Some forms of gambling are illegal or heavily regulated in many countries. In the twenty-first century, the debate has changed some what because of the emergence of the huge online gambling market. A debate could focus on Internet gambling or it could look at all forms of the activity.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all gambling for peopleunder 21.\n\nAn argument against 'Gambling, banning of': Virtually anything can be the object of an addiction – sex, coffee, jogging, television, computer games – but that does not mean that we should ban them. Gambling is, for the huge majority, an affordable luxury, an inexpensive distraction, not a problem on a par with heroin addiction. A weekly lottery ticket, a night at the casino or a day at the races should not be denied to the masses because of a minority psychological disorder, though support such as gambling helplines should be offered to the vulnerable."}
{'text': "The status of women in the armed forces varies from country to country. In 2013, the USA lifted its ban on women fighting in combat infantry units, joining Israel, Norway and Canada among others. But many countries including the UK, Russia and India still have a ban.\n\nMotion: This House would allow women to fight on thefront line.\n\nAn argument for 'Women fighting on the front line': Equality is at stake here. No woman who wants to fight for her country, and passes the necessary physical and mental tests, should be prevented from doing so because of her gender. Women have proved themselves in all walks of life, despite prejudices to the contrary. This last bastion of sexism must be removed."}
{'text': "A useful tool in child-rearing or an outdated act of barbarism? Smacking continues to be controversial. It is banned outright in some countries such as New Zealand and much of Europe. Others restrict it to certain ages (in Canada, it is illegal to smack a child under the age of 3 or over the age of 11). Many countries, including the UK, define and legalise ‘reasonable chastisement’, but place limits such as forbidding smacking to the head or with an object. In the UK, if there is a bruise or cut after smacking, the perpetrator can be imprisoned for up to five years.\n\nMotion: This House would ban smacking.\n\nAn argument for 'Smacking, remove parents’ right to': The use of force is barbaric and it is made more, not less, acceptable if it is used against a defenceless child. Even if no long-lasting physical damage is inflicted, there are emotional side-effects to be inghit that will remain."}
{'text': "In 2013, 58 countries still use the death penalty as a form of punishment. The vast majority of executions take place in China, which is thought to execute more than 4,000 people a year; Iran comes second with about 400; no other state executes more than 100 prisoners a year. As such, it is a punishment mostly used sparingly and for the most serious crimes; murder is the primary one, though some countries retain it for drug-related offences as well. The methods of capital punishment also vary; some US states retain the use of gas chambers to execute prisoners, but most use lethal injection.\n\nMotion: This House would reintroduce the death penalty.\n\nAn argument against 'Capital punishment': There are several ways of dealing with misbehaving prisoners: the revoking of privileges if their disorder is on a minor scale, and solitary confinement in a maximum-security cell if they are violent. There will always be psychopaths who need to be confined in this way. Those who are not psychopaths should not be sentenced to life without parole – if they have the chance of parole, they have an incentive towards good behaviour."}
{'text': "In an increasingly secular world, does the Church still have anything left to say about social and political issues, or should it be confined to the realm of private spirituality? And if it does have anything to say about political matters, will anybody listen? Or is it the case that, in a multicultural society, only democratically elected politicians should have the authority to shape social and economic policy?\n\nMotion: This House believes that religion is and shouldbe a political force.\n\nAn argument against 'Churches in politics': Politics and religion are separate spheres of life. Religious leaders can seek to influence people’s private moral and spiritual needs and politicians should be left to deal with broader social and political matters. Church attendances are plummeting. Standards of private morality are at an all-time low.These are the priorities that religious leaders should be tackling, leaving debates about health service reform, social security systems, defence spending and international aid to the politicians who are elected to make decisionson these matters."}
{'text': "It is a tribute to the speed of the rise of the online social network that, when this book’s last edition was published in 1999, it is arguable that not a single social network existed. Early context-specific social networks like Friends Reunited and Classmates emerged in 2000, followed by more general ones such as Myspace, Bebo and Friendster in 2002 and 2003. But perhaps equally telling is that a teenager using Facebook today may wellnot even have heard of the above, let alone used them, because Facebook and Twitter, founded in 2004 and 2006 respectively, have swept through all competition, and become the all-consuming means of online communication. This debate understandably focuses on them.\n\nMotion: This House believes that social networking hasmade us better off.\n\nAn argument against 'Social networking has improved our lives': This kind of campaigning is pointless talk, and encourages a ‘slacktivist’ mentality, with a superficial understanding of issues and no actual intention of pressuring politicians for change; for example, hundreds of millions of people shared the Kony 2012 video which demanded action on the crimes of war lords by the end of 2012 – the deadline passed, and no one cared."}
{'text': "In 1957, Sputnik 1 was put into space by the USSR, and in 1961, Yuri Gagarin became the first man in space. The Cold War was a focal point for the early years of space travel, with the USA landing on the moon in 1969. In the following years, focus has shifted towards the possibility of using space for technological and scientific advancement, with 1998 seeing the launch of the International Space Station, a joint NASA–Russian project to further develop space travel. In 1986, a stark reminder of the risks of space travel was delivered with the disaster aboard the Space Shuttle Challenger, in which seven astronauts perished, resulting in the USA grounding its shuttle fleet for two-and-a-half years.\n\nMotion: This House would increase funding for spaceexploration.\n\nAn argument for 'Space exploration': Astronomy has always been used to understand and predict our own planet better. Ancient Egyptians used the stars to predict when the Nile would flood, and astronomy has always been used for navigation and meteorology as well. Studying the behaviour of light and chemical elements in conditions characterised by extremes of time, space, distance, heat and gravity tells us about the fundamental laws of nature and characteristics of matter – the same laws and matter that we seek to manipulate and predict here on earth. Space exploration may lead to the longed-for ‘Theory of Everything’ sought by scientists such as Stephen Hawking, who are trying to unify general relativity and quantum mechanics."}
{'text': "There are many obvious arguments against nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, but we are much more accustomed to a ready acceptance of the acceptability and desirability of large stocks of conventional weapons. This debate focuses on the possibilities of reducing those stocks of weapons, either by a refusal to trade in them, or gradual reductions of stockpiles and non-renewal of weapons programmes. Such a debate does not require a country to leave itself with no defence systems whatsoever, but allows it to retain measures to defend itself; it mainly limits its capacity to launch offensive wars.\n\nMotion: This House would end the arms trade.\n\nAn argument for 'Armaments, limitations on conventional': Horrific though the effects of nuclear, biological and chemical weapons are, the vast majority of deaths and injuries are caused by conventional arms. Action must be taken to engineer peace where possible and stop the proliferation of weapons.The existence of large stocks of arms ultimately makes it much more likely that nations will end up using them; large stockpiles of arms encourage aggressive foreign policies, which put states in the situation where they might need to be deployed. Aunilateral end to arms sales is thus a logical first step to the achievement of long-termpeace."}
{'text': "See the introduction to the debate on ‘animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of ’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘animal rights’ (Section A). The conditions of animals in captivity vary hugely around the world. If the debate is set in your own country, you will need to consider the specific treatment of the animals. The definition could also include or exclude safari parks, where the animals roam around an open area that visitors drive through, rather than living in cages.\n\nMotion: This House would free the animals.\n\nAn argument against 'Zoos, abolition of': By all means close down roadside zoos, or at least subject them to the same stringent safeguards as municipal zoos."}
{'text': "Pornography laws vary from country to country. The Internet has changed the nature of the debate as anyone with a computer now has unlimited access to a vast world of online pornography. It is harder to regulate both the production and the viewing of pornography in this area, so is it time to accept it as a healthy part of our sexuality? It is assumed in this debate that anything that is illegal in reality should also be in pornography, so child pornography, rape, bestiality, etc. are outside the scope of the debate and the Proposition team should clarify that.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all adult porno-graphy.\n\nAn argument for 'Pornography': A clear distinction needs to be made between pornography made and used by consenting adults and pornography involving children. The latter is always unacceptable and should be attacked with the full force of the law. However, the people involved in popular adult magazines such as Playboy and adult TV stations are not in any way connected with child pornography."}
{'text': "The United Nations, by Chapter 7 of its Charter, gives the Security Council the task of identifying all threats to and breaches of global peace and acting accordingly to end them, but it is still entirely dependent on the co-operation of states with its interventions and peacekeeping missions to do so. This debate instead proposes that the UN should recruit a permanent standing army, which would be able to respond quickly to potential atrocities and threats to peace. There are some practical problems with this idea, but what is even less clear is who would run such a body; the Proposition team must make a definitional choice as to whether the Security Council, General Assembly or the Secretary-General would ultimately command it.\n\nMotion: This House would give the UN a standing army.\n\nAn argument for 'United Nations standing army': Increasingly, a global consensus is developing around the need for humanitarian intervention, as reflected in the UN’s intervention to assist the Libyan rebels in overthrowing Muammar Gaddafi. As such, there will be an international willingness to use such a force when needed."}
{'text': "In 2013, 58 countries still use the death penalty as a form of punishment. The vast majority of executions take place in China, which is thought to execute more than 4,000 people a year; Iran comes second with about 400; no other state executes more than 100 prisoners a year. As such, it is a punishment mostly used sparingly and for the most serious crimes; murder is the primary one, though some countries retain it for drug-related offences as well. The methods of capital punishment also vary; some US states retain the use of gas chambers to execute prisoners, but most use lethal injection.\n\nMotion: This House would reintroduce the death penalty.\n\nAn argument against 'Capital punishment': If killing is a crime and immoral in the eyes of society, then for the state to kill its citizens is equally barbaric. Two wrongs do not make a right, and it is never right to put someone to death, no matter what the crime. The death penalty is a ‘cruel and unusual punishment’, especially in view of the psychological torture inflicted on those on Death Row, who know that they are going to be executed, but do not know when."}
{'text': "Renewed interest in state regulation of the press was spurred by the 2012 Leveson Inquiry in the UK, which examined the various models by which the media can be regulated. In essence, the two basic models used in most countries are ‘self-regulation’, in which the media establishes its own body to monitor and punish non-compliance with a Code of Ethics; whereas in a ‘statutory regulation’ model, an independent press regulator is created by the government, but run at arm’s length. One important difference between the two systems is that with self-regulation, newspapers can opt out, so some may simply be unregulated. Statutory regulators often have greater powers, such as levelling fines, whereas self-regulators may be limited to powers of condemnation.\n\nMotion: This House supports state regulation of themedia.\n\nAn argument for 'Press, state regulation of the': The right to opt out of regulation isultimately destructive of any system of regulation. First, it allows some people simply to get away with unacceptable stories; Britain’s Daily Expressopted out of the Press Complaints Commission, in large part because it was often cautioned against its invasions of privacy of public figures. Second, once one paper can opt out, others will follow, as being outside the regulatory system is profitable; it allows newspapers to capture readers by running stories that the self-regulated press could not."}
{'text': "The concept of an unmanned military aircraft is almost as old as the use of air power itself; one was first tested in 1916 for the Royal Air Force’s use in the First World War. However, they have, naturally, developed hugely in recent years, and are now inwide spread use in military operations around the world. They are also used for numerous purposes; sometimes they are simply for intelligence gathering, but they are also often deployed as part of the USA’s programme of covert assassination of terrorist leaders in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen. Drones began as a tool to support conventional operations on the battlefield, but in 2002, a Predator drone was used by the CIA to kill alleged terrorists in Yemen, and they are now regularly used off the battlefield. Worries that they might fall into the wrong hands were crystallised in 2011, when Iran captured an American RQ-170 drone which had been spying in its airspace. There are question marks about their legitimacy in international law, given that they are typically used for targeted assassinations, but there are no express rules governing their use at present.\n\nMotion: This House would ban private military companies.\n\nAn argument for 'Private military corporations, banning of': Drones give militaries lethal capabilities that they did not previously possess. In particular, they are able to conduct military operations that would previously have been unacceptable because of the risk to human life involved. The possibility of losing troops and the political costs that come with that are the main restraint on powerful militaries – and particularly the USA and China – that tempers their behaviour in combat. Using drones leads to escalation in conflicts and the deaths of large numbers of civilians which would be prevented by this ban."}
{'text': "There have been numerous global attempts to agree on limits to greenhouse gas emissions, but thus far, nothing on the global scale has succeeded; the Kyoto Protocol was rejected by the USA, withdrawn from by Canada, and had not imposed binding targets on the developing world anyway. The closest thing to a serious intercountry accord was the European Union’s cap-and-trade scheme, but that was largely disastrous, with limits set too high to be effective. This debate represents a radical departure from existing practice, to impose internationally binding obligations that require immediate action.\n\nMotion: This House supports internationally bindingemission targets for all countries.\n\nAn argument for 'Global warming, binding emission targets for': Tighter controls on emissions must be introduced, but this need not sacrifice economic growth. Western countries should be allowed to ‘buy’ the emission quotas of developing countries that succeed in bringing their levels down. This will reduce total global emissions while also providing investment in, and financial incentives for, ‘green’ forms of industrial development in developing countries."}
{'text': "In one of the most famous debates at the Oxford Union, the motion ‘This House will in no circumstances fight for its King and Country’ was passed in 1933 by 275 votes to 153. It sparked off a national controversy in the press, and Winston Churchill denounced it as ‘that abject, squalid, shameless avowal’ and ‘this ever shameful motion’. It is rumoured that the vote gave Adolf Hitler confidence that Great Britain would not militarily oppose his expansion in Europe. Pacifism is therefore a debating topic that is of more than passing interest, but of real historical significance.\n\nMotion: This House would be pacifist.\n\nAn argument for 'Pacifism': There are no true victors from a war.Issues are rarely settled by a war, but persist afterwards at the cost of millions of lives.There are still territorial and national disputes and civil wars in Syria, Sudan and Southern Yemen despite the world wars and countless supposed settlements. War in these cases is futile and the United Nations (UN) should do more to enforce peace in these areas."}
{'text': "Most countries, including the UK, have a minimum voting age of 18, but many countries, including Brazil, Austria and Nicaragua, have a voting age of 16. There is a lobby in the UK to lower the voting age to 16 and so this article deals with changing the voting age from 18 to 16. The arguments could be adapted to support a lower voting age; e.g. the start of high school or the age of criminal responsibility.\n\nMotion: This House would reduce the voting age to 16.\n\nAn argument for 'Voting age, reduction of': Many voters will have to wait two, three or even four years for their first national election after they turn 18, so may actually be as old as 22 when they have the opportunity to vote for the first time. In the same way, if the voting age were lowered to 16, half of voters would still have to wait until they were 18. Evidence shows that those who vote when young are more likely to continue voting through their life and so we should set the habit early."}
{'text': "In 1997, Scotland voted ‘yes’ in a referendum for devolution of powers from Westminster. This led to the setting up of the Scottish Parliament which has limited tax-raising powers and control over policies such as health, education and transport. In 2011, the Scottish National Party won a majority in the parliamentary elections, and their leader Alex Salmond used this mandate to call for a referendum on Scottish Independence to take place in 2014.\n\nMotion: This House supports Scottish independence.\n\nAn argument for 'Scottish independence ': The principle of self-determination should be followed and the Scottish people should govern themselves. The Scottish people have their own distinct culture and history; they have their own legal system and education system; their political discourse is further to the left than England’s. They should be able to make all of their own decisions rather than have laws dictated to them from Westminster."}
{'text': "This debate focuses on employees such as teachers, doctors and nurses, transport workers, etc. who are working within the public sector. It may or may not include emergency service workers depending on the definition. It does not usually cover the armed forces. In many countries, trades unions in these areas are very strong and workers use striking as a bargaining tool for better pay and working conditions. Is this an important protection of workers’ rights against their powerful government employer, or is it anti-democratic to hold the government to ransom in this way when it has been elected?\n\nMotion: This House would remove the right to strikefrom public sector workers.\n\nAn argument for 'Right to strike for public sector workers': Strikes are not always about more money for workers. Sometimes they are complaining about policies that will affect the quality of service that the public will get. For example, nurses may be striking over job losses that they believe will affect patients’ safety."}
{'text': "Many countries have minority, indigenous languages spoken within their borders (for example, the Basque language in France and Spain, or Welsh in the UK). There is a debate that can be had about the principle of protecting these languages, or you could look at specific policies such as broad casting quotas or compulsory teaching in schools. There is also a related issue of protecting the purity of a country’s dominant language (for example, protecting the French language from the influence of English).\n\nMotion: This House believes that the state should protectindigenous languages.\n\nAn argument for 'Indigenous languages, protection of': Allowing a more powerful language to subsume an indigenous language is an aggressive type of cultural imperialism. Speakers of dominant languages such as English and Spanish have a duty to protect what came before them, not trample other cultures out of existence just because they can."}
{'text': "Abortion was always considered sinful, and was criminalised in Britain and most states of the USA in the nineteenth century. Backstreet abortions became a usual way to limit the size of families. In Britain, the 1967 Abortion Act legalised abortion when it was advised by a doctor on medical grounds. In the USA, the Roev. Wade case of 1973 in the Supreme Court set down the principle that in the first three months, abortion is to be allowed; and in the second trimester, it is to be allowed if it is required in the interests of maternal health. In neither country is ‘abortion on demand’ – abortions undertaken principally as a form of birth-control at the wish of the pregnant woman – officially allowed, but doctors (especially those in private clinics) will happily certify that carrying the pregnancy to term would cause severe mental distress to the woman. In many Catholic countries, abortion is still illegal.\n\nMotion: This House would put the mother first.\n\nAn argument for 'Abortion on demand': There is no definitive answer as to when a foetus becomes a person in its own right, but up to 24–28 weeks, the foetus is so undeveloped that it is not reasonable to consider it a person and to accord it rights."}
{'text': "Many countries have minority, indigenous languages spoken within their borders (for example, the Basque language in France and Spain, or Welsh in the UK). There is a debate that can be had about the principle of protecting these languages, or you could look at specific policies such as broad casting quotas or compulsory teaching in schools. There is also a related issue of protecting the purity of a country’s dominant language (for example, protecting the French language from the influence of English).\n\nMotion: This House believes that the state should protectindigenous languages.\n\nAn argument against 'Indigenous languages, protection of': It is the responsibility of communities to protect their own languages. Often it is the older generation who will need to persuade the youth of the value in carrying the language forward. A community that is proud of its culture and language will speak it as a badge of that pride. It is patronising and inappropriate for the state to intervene."}
{'text': "Polygamy is the practice of marrying more than one person at the same time. It is illegal in much of the world today, but it is recognised in various Islamic countries including Saudi Arabia and some African countries. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints officially ended the practice of polygamy (or plural marriages) in Mormonism in 1890, but splinter groups still practise it today and many people associate polygamy with the Mormon community.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise polygamy.\n\nAn argument for 'Polygamy, legalisation of': Who says a marriage has to be between two people? That is an inflexible view. Many countries have moved away from the Christian definition of marriage being between one man and one woman by allowing gay marriage. This provides a precedent for a more flexible and modern approach to marriage. In addition, the Bible and the Qur’an both include examples of polygamous relationships, so the ‘union of two’ is a cultural practice rather than a scriptural rule."}
{'text': "This debate is not unlike the debate about limiting bonuses, but salary caps have a less direct impact on incentive structures for executives, so this debate is more about the morality of earnings. Pay for CEOs has risen particularly rapidly in recent years, and certainly much faster than average earnings. To put it in context, the average American CEO earns US$9.7 million a year, or 3,489 years of salary for the average worker.\n\nMotion: This House would cap executive salaries.\n\nAn argument for 'Salary capping, mandatory': Pay has lost any sense of contact with the moral worth of the job being done. It is a disgrace that bankers and footballers earn millions, while teachers and nurses struggle to make ends meet. When placed in stark comparison like this, we can see that those salaries cannot be justified."}
{'text': "There are many obvious arguments against nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, but we are much more accustomed to a ready acceptance of the acceptability and desirability of large stocks of conventional weapons. This debate focuses on the possibilities of reducing those stocks of weapons, either by a refusal to trade in them, or gradual reductions of stockpiles and non-renewal of weapons programmes. Such a debate does not require a country to leave itself with no defence systems whatsoever, but allows it to retain measures to defend itself; it mainly limits its capacity to launch offensive wars.\n\nMotion: This House would end the arms trade.\n\nAn argument for 'Armaments, limitations on conventional': Arms may be supplied to oppressive, non-democratic regimes which use them for internal repression (e.g. Saudi Arabia). It is hypocritical to argue for the respect for human rights while supplying the means to suppress them. This was made particularly clear when, in 2008, Britain’s Serious Fraud Office halted an investigation into bribery over arms sales to Saudi Arabia on foreign policy grounds; it was made abundantly clear that national interest will always trump ethical considerations in British foreign policy."}
{'text': "The legalisation of drugs has long been an important issue, but in recent years, it has taken on a global dimension.‘Plan Colombia’, a scheme to encourage lawful enterprises in Colombia, has largely defeated the drug cartels in that country, but at the same time Mexico has collapsed into lawlessness at the hands of gangs. As well as the general debate about legalising all drugs, debates may arise about legalising specific drugs, or about more creative policies such as the legalisation of drugs within certain areas.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all drugs.\n\nAn argument for 'Drugs, legalisation of': Legalising drugs breaks the power of drug cartels that are destroying states around the world. Gangs have become so powerful in Mexico that they effectively have overrun law enforcement and large swathes of local government, forming their own private militias; they are funded and sustained in this by their monopoly on supply lines of drugs into the USA, which can only pass through criminal gangs because drugs are illegal."}
{'text': "The global financial crisis and subsequent economic downturn have greatly increased the number of private companies threatened with bankruptcy. In many cases, governments have responded by bailing out those companies. Bailouts can take many forms: they can be conditional on firms following certain policies or restructuring their operations; or they may involve the government taking a share in the ownership of the company; or they may take the form of injections of cash or the provision of loans repayable at low interest over long periods. It is hard to cover this range of variations,so debates should focus on the principle of governments providing money to keep companies afloat. Most of the prominent examples are from finance; Bear Stearns,Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and AIG in the USA, Northern Rock in the UK and the Anglo Irish Bank in Ireland. Prominent non-financial cases include the rescue of Chrysler and General Motors by the American government in 2008, Parmalat in Italy in 2003, and the rescue in 2010 of Dubai World, Dubai’s state-owned investment company, by fellow emirate Abu Dhabi.\n\nMotion: This House would never bail out failing privateindustry.\n\nAn argument for 'Failing companies, bailing out': Some firms are of particular strategic importance, regardless of their economic viability. For instance, governments may need to maintain defence corporations (the US government has bailed out Lockheed Martin in the past) so that they can guarantee arms supplies, and they may bail out a national airline or important cultural firm for reasons of national pride. In these instances, profit making is not the only criterion we should use to determine whether a firm succeeds."}
{'text': "This debate focuses on whether democracy can and should be imposed by military, diplomatic or economic action. However, it is often hard to disentangle such interventions from their other possible motives; for instance, while many think that the intervention in Iraq (from 2003) was essentially to impose democracy, cynics say that it was more about obtaining oil, and the official line remains that it was to prevent Saddam Hussein’s development of Weapons of Mass Destruction. Both teams must avoid descending into ‘example ping-pong’, in which they simply list case studies, but must deconstruct the actual reasons that those particular instances have succeeded or failed.\n\nMotion: This House would impose democracy with thebarrel of a gun.\n\nAn argument for 'Democracy, imposition of': Democracy is desirable in itself as the best system of government. Despite its obvious flaws, any other system is bound to be worse. It ensures that governments are accountable to their people, guards against corruption, protects individual liberty and allows flawed policies to be corrected. Economies are more likely to be open, competitive and prosperous. If we believe in these benefits, we should promote them vigorously to others."}
{'text': "Most countries, including the UK, have a minimum voting age of 18, but many countries, including Brazil, Austria and Nicaragua, have a voting age of 16. There is a lobby in the UK to lower the voting age to 16 and so this article deals with changing the voting age from 18 to 16. The arguments could be adapted to support a lower voting age; e.g. the start of high school or the age of criminal responsibility.\n\nMotion: This House would reduce the voting age to 16.\n\nAn argument against 'Voting age, reduction of': It is perfectly acceptable for different ‘rites of passage’ to occur at different ages. In the UK, for example, the ages for leaving school, being allowed to have sex legally, smoke, drive, drink and vote are staggered over three years (16, 17, 18). In many countries, the school-leaving age and the age of consent are also 18 and so the voting age is more in line. In the USA, you have to be 21 to buy alcohol which shows that there is debate even about whether 18 year olds can make mature decisions. Voting is a responsible act that requires more than a year or two of adult experience of life and politics. The age for voting should stay at 18 or be raised to 21 – as indeed should the age for marriage, another momentously important decision that should not be made by adolescents."}
{'text': "Many education systems in the world use some form of examinations as part of their assessment of school children. In the UK in 2013, teenagers are examined at 16 years for their GCSEs, at 17 for their AS levels and 18 for their A2 levels, and many people think this represents too much testing. Some school systems use examinations once at the end of high school. Other countries such as the USA use a system of grade point averages (GPA) or course work which rewards a child’s performance over time. Is an examination a good way of capturing a pupil’s knowledge and understanding, or does ongoing assessment and intelligence tests of aptitude provide a fairer view of attainment and intelligence?\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the A-level.\n\nAn argument for 'Examinations, abolition of': For the most part, examinations are set and taken as if students had reached the same level of understanding at the same age. This is not true; boys and girls mature mentally at different rates, as do many individuals within the same sex. Exams make no allowance for this."}
{'text': "The global financial crisis and subsequent economic downturn have greatly increased the number of private companies threatened with bankruptcy. In many cases, governments have responded by bailing out those companies. Bailouts can take many forms: they can be conditional on firms following certain policies or restructuring their operations; or they may involve the government taking a share in the ownership of the company; or they may take the form of injections of cash or the provision of loans repayable at low interest over long periods. It is hard to cover this range of variations,so debates should focus on the principle of governments providing money to keep companies afloat. Most of the prominent examples are from finance; Bear Stearns,Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and AIG in the USA, Northern Rock in the UK and the Anglo Irish Bank in Ireland. Prominent non-financial cases include the rescue of Chrysler and General Motors by the American government in 2008, Parmalat in Italy in 2003, and the rescue in 2010 of Dubai World, Dubai’s state-owned investment company, by fellow emirate Abu Dhabi.\n\nMotion: This House would never bail out failing privateindustry.\n\nAn argument for 'Failing companies, bailing out': Governments have a choice in these situations between letting the firm fail altogether and using tax payers’ money to gain influence over them. Conditional bailouts allow them to force firms to pursue policies which are good for the economy, such as extending cheap loans to small businesses or reducing the number of homes they repossess."}
{'text': "There are many minority (and sometimes majority) groups which have suffered historical injustices, and are now under-represented in higher education, business and politics; e.g. women, certain ethnic minorities or castes, and those with disabilities. Are laws protecting equal opportunities enough to address this issue or is affirmative action (AA), or positive discrimination as it is known in the UK, needed to redress the balance and create a level playing field? There are a number of systems of AA including quot as, loaded short lists, additional points or prioritisation. A debate may look at one model or argue the issue in principle. There are many smaller debates within the theme which look at one group or one industry, but this case gives an overview.\n\nMotion: This House would use affirmative action toredress historical injustices.\n\nAn argument against 'Affirmative action': Affirmative action can damage the development of a country; for example, South Africa is a country that needs to develop economically for the well-being of all its people (black unemployment is very high), but its priority is AA which means that it is putting less qualified people into jobs and thereby jeopardis-ing development. This is also true with the Policy of Reservation in India which increases the brain drain from that country. This helps neither majorities nor minorities."}
{'text': "There are many obvious arguments against nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, but we are much more accustomed to a ready acceptance of the acceptability and desirability of large stocks of conventional weapons. This debate focuses on the possibilities of reducing those stocks of weapons, either by a refusal to trade in them, or gradual reductions of stockpiles and non-renewal of weapons programmes. Such a debate does not require a country to leave itself with no defence systems whatsoever, but allows it to retain measures to defend itself; it mainly limits its capacity to launch offensive wars.\n\nMotion: This House would end the arms trade.\n\nAn argument for 'Armaments, limitations on conventional': The threat to defence industry jobs cannot justify our involvement in bloodshed, and the government could support the redeployment of industries and workers. The need to defend one’s country would continue to support most of the arms industry."}
{'text': "Some countries, such as Australia, fund their political parties through tax payers’ money.Other countries, including the UK, require their political parties to fundraise to meet their costs. Which system is fairer and more democratic? The different models for state funding are complex, but it may be worth a Proposition team giving some details about the system they would use as it can affect the arguments. It is possible, however, to have the debate in principle and this article looks at the arguments as they work across various models. There is an interesting related debate on capping campaign expenditure which also seeks to create a more transparent political system.\n\nMotion: This House supports state funding of politicalparties.\n\nAn argument for 'State funding of political parties': This system allows politicians to focus on politics rather than fundraising. Parties are under huge financial strain and must devote large amounts of time and energy to staying solvent. They must often prioritise attending a fundraising event with rich donors over a charitable, civic or cultural event which needs their support and from which they could gain a wider understanding of the needs of their constituents or the country at large."}
{'text': "Many countries have set up DNA databases of convicted criminals. Britain has controversially included the DNA of all those suspected of a crime even if there was no conviction, but now must delete those records after two years if there has been no conviction. But should governments set up DNA databases for all their citizens? Such DNA databases could have wide-ranging uses for research, health and crime, but many think the invasion of privacy is too great. A debate could be had just about criminal databases, but this article looks at the introduction of a universal database.\n\nMotion: This House would establish a universal DNAdatabase.\n\nAn argument for 'DNA database, universal': There are a range of other miscellaneous benefits including identifying bodies, establishing paternity and tracing missing children."}
{'text': "The British Broadcasting Service (BBC) is a public service broadcasting corporation funded from a licence fee. Anybody who has a television set or uses a computer or phone to watch television in real time must pay the licence fee. The fee is set by government and in 2013, stood at £145.50. The BBC was set up in the 1920s and has grown to encompass eight television channels, 10 radio stations and a website. Many people believe that the BBC is a national treasure which must be protected, but there is a growing voice calling for it to be privatised.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the BBC should beprivatised.\n\nAn argument against 'BBC, privatisation of': With commercial stations come commercial interests. It is good to have the option of television which is not interrupted by advertisements or artistically undermined by product placement. Parents like the option of advert-free TV for their children and sports fans prefer to watch a match uninterrupted. In the 2010 World Cup, ITV were on a commercial break and so missed the only England goal against the USA."}
{'text': "Political correctness is a movement that or iginated in the USA in the 1980s. Its aim is to promote liberal and egalitarian attitudes especially through modifications to language and behaviour. In Britain, the main initial reaction to political correctness was one of derision, especially based on extreme examples of ‘PC’ talk. However, some examples of political correctness, such as the use of ‘she’ and ‘her’ rather than ‘he’ and ‘his’ as the default personal pronoun (e.g.‘the reader is asked to use her imagination’) have become widespread and accepted. The central question in this debate is whether modifying language and behaviour at the everyday level can really have a large-scale impact on equality and social justice. As always, address the principles and beware of playing‘example tennis’.\n\nMotion: This House would be politically correct.\n\nAn argument against 'Political correctness': Political correctness is often self-defeating in that it creates exclusive, patronising or just silly names for groups that it believes are being discriminated against. Using the term ‘African American’, it could be argued, implies that black Africans in America are not ‘real’ Americans. Calling someone ‘differently abled’ rather than ‘disabled’ is patronising. Calling a bald person ‘follically challenged’ is just silly."}
{'text': "Most countries, including the UK, have a minimum voting age of 18, but many countries, including Brazil, Austria and Nicaragua, have a voting age of 16. There is a lobby in the UK to lower the voting age to 16 and so this article deals with changing the voting age from 18 to 16. The arguments could be adapted to support a lower voting age; e.g. the start of high school or the age of criminal responsibility.\n\nMotion: This House would reduce the voting age to 16.\n\nAn argument for 'Voting age, reduction of': Because of the advances in information technology over recent decades, teenagers are now more aware of political issues than ever before. The broadcast media and the Internet in particular ensure that everyone, including 16 year olds, is familiar with the issues of the day. There is no need to wait for young people to be 18 in order for them to have a fuller understanding of politics."}
{'text': "Britain is one of the oldest surviving hereditary monarchies. Several other European countries are monarchies (Denmark, Sweden, Norway, the Netherlands and Spain) along with other countries around the world such as Morocco and Lesotho in Africa and Bhutan in Asia. Arab sheikhs and the Japanese emperor are also examples of hereditary rulers. Historically, a partially elected parliament was seen as a mechanism to check the power of the monarch. As centuries passed, more and more real power passed to parliaments and away from monarchs, in some cases through violent revolution (as in France and Russia). In other cases, such as Britain or the Netherlands, the process was more gradual and the monarch has simply been left with only ceremonial duties and nominal powers. Is there any point in maintaining this institution or is an elected president the only appropriate head of state in the modern world? The arguments below use examples from the British monarchy, but can be replaced with details of the particular monarch or with multiple examples if necessary.\n\nMotion: This House would elect its head of state.\n\nAn argument for 'Monarchy, abolition of': Constitutionally, in the UK, the monarch is both pointless and dangerous at the same time – the worst mix. The convention that the monarch would never interfere in legislative matters means that there is an important check missing on the prime minister’s power. On the other hand, if the monarch were to use their veto, it would be an outrageous abuse of an unelected power."}
{'text': "Human treatment of animals can be a highly emotive subject. A dolphin trapped and killed in a trawler net, a rat deliberately mutated by genetic engineering, a red deerhunted to the point of terrified exhaustion and shot, a rabbit with eyes and skin blistered from chemical and cosmetic tests, a captive lion robotically pacing its tiny cage at the circus or zoo – all of these are distressing images that arise in the context of debates about the human treatment of animals. But what are the arguments behind these emotional appeals? The Australian philosopher Peter Singer was one of the first, in the 1970s, to argue that animals have rights and that they should be treated with the respect due to a human animal. This is still a contentious claim, but one that more and more people seem to accept. The arguments on ‘animal rights’ in Section A consider whether animals have rights, and whether, if they do, we should be doing more to recognise and respect those rights. We currently use animals from bacteria to primates in many different ways – for food, clothing, entertainment in circuses and zoos, medical experiments, biotechnology (e.g. using bacteria to synthesise human hormones) and cosmetic testing; in sports such as greyhound racing and horse racing, and even as objects of ‘field sports’ such as fishing, shooting, foxhunting and hare-coursing. Some would argue that all of these uses of animals are wrong and that they should never be used as a means to a human end. Others would take the opposite view that it is right and natural for us to use other species for our own benefit, and that this is indeed the key to our continuing evolutionary success. This debate and the other debates on animals weigh up the pros and cons of our treatment of animals in various contexts. A debate on animal experimentation could be on cosmetic testing only or on medical testing.The arguments here focus on medical testing.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all animal testing.\n\nAn argument against 'Animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of': Scientists and laboratories can and should be protected, but we should not compromise the development of lifesaving drugs because of the threats and intimidation of terrorist groups."}
{'text': "The ‘constitution’ of a country is the set of fundamental laws that lay down the system of government and define the relations of the executive, the legislature and the judiciary. Almost all countries have a written constitution, of which the oldest is the American constitution of 1787. (The Bill of Rights is a set of 10 amendments incorporated into that constitution in 1791.) The UK is the exception in having only a ‘virtual constitution’. That is to say, the constitution is not written down in a document anywhere. but has emerged over the centuries as the result of various different agreements, laws and precedents. Important laws that are part of this ‘virtual constitution’ are Magna Carta of 1215, the Habeas Corpus Act of 1689, the Parliament Acts of 1911 and 1949 and the Reform Acts passed between 1832 and 1928 to extend the electorate. An organisation called Charter 88 was set up in 1988 by a group who were concerned with what they perceived as the autocratic way in which Margaret Thatcher passed unpopular legislation with small Commons majorities and on a minority vote from the electorateas a whole. Charter 88 argues that a written constitution would safeguard the liberty of the individual against the excesses of an ‘elective dictatorship’.The massive majority of the Labour government elected in 1997 and the ‘presidential’ or ‘dictatorial’ style of Tony Blair led to renewed concerns about the excess of power put into the hands of elected politicians. Vast constitutional changes made by the Labour government (e.g. Lords reform, devolution and signing up to a Constitution for Europe) and mooted by the coalition government after 2010 (e.g. more Lords reform and fixed-term parliaments)show that any government can make radical constitutional changes with no extra checks and balances in place for protection. The Human Rights Act of 1998 passed by the Labour government acts as a de facto Bill of Rights, but could be repealed by any parliament, so does not offer the protection of a constitutional Bill of Rights.\n\nMotion: This House demands a written constitution.\n\nAn argument against 'Written constitution': The British political system was desperately in need of modernisation by the 1990s, and its flexible constitution allowed this to happen. A more rigid, written constitution may have left it stuck with the outdated system of hereditary peers being able to delay the legislation of the elected government. Most constitutional changes are, by convention, put to referendum, and if the public care, they can vote for change (as they did for Scottish and Welsh devolution) or to retain the status quo (as they did when they voted ‘no’ to electoral reform in 2011)."}
{'text': "In spite of the obvious and incontrovertible evidence that the Holocaust was one of the most horrific events in human history, there remains a small number of radical neo-Nazi politicians, historians and their supporters who seek to deny that the Holocaust took place. It cannot be stressed enough that this is not a debate about that question, but about whether denying the Holocaust ought to be illegal. That is already the position in 17 European countries (most notably, Germany and France), and the EU has called for others to follow suit. In recent years, the view has also become popular in the Middle East as part of a political narrative about Israel, and has been prominently expressed by former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.\n\nMotion: This House would ban Holocaust denial.\n\nAn argument for 'Holocaust denial, criminalisation of': As their views depend so strongly on fabrication, lies and rhetoric, Holocaust deniers cannot usefully be drawn into an open public debate; they simply repeat their lies, without engaging with the otherview. In consequence, they will not be defeated by more discussion; instead, they must be banned."}
{'text': "This topic clearly underlies numerous other debates, and essentially focuses on the point at which the state should step in to prevent individuals from harming themselves. No one thinks that the state should protect us from all harmful choices; every activity includes a certain level of risk, which individuals must be able to assume to live a meaningful, enjoyable life. But there are many activities that the state does regulate on the grounds that they are ‘irrational’, such as smoking (by punitive taxation) or drug taking, which many think that the state should not interfere with.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the state should notprotect individuals from themselves.\n\nAn argument for 'Protective legislation v. individual freedom': The state must also legislate to protect its citizens from self-imposed damage. It is the responsibility of an elected government to research the dangers of certain practices or substances and constrain the freedoms of its members for their own safety. In particular, the state is right to step in where individuals are imperfectly equipped to make choices, or risk destroying their capacity to make good choices later. For instance, where people will become addicted, or harm themselves in an irreparable way, the state should stop them so doing."}
{'text': "In one sense, Marxism refers to the array of beliefs held by German philosopher and social critic Karl Marx, the intellectual founding father of communism. But as time has passed, clearly Marxist ideas have been put to a variety of different uses, many with obvious regrettable consequences (such as Soviet oppression).This debate should focuson retaining the core ideas of a Marxist theory, without simply harping on about the failures of certain past attempts to put them into practice. Another important point is that there are many sensible alternatives to Marxism that are themselves very different;this topic presumes that Marxism is being compared with a broadly egalitarian distribution of wealth favoured by philosophers such as John Rawls, who argued that we should only accept inequalities in so far as they benefit the least well-off in society. Marxism, however, favours a much more radical restructuring of society that goes well beyond redistributive taxation.\n\nMotion: This House believes that workers of the worldshould unite.\n\nAn argument against 'Marxism': The abolition of class is not a realistic or desirable objective. Inevitably, in any real communist system, certain elites will develop which in fact have considerable power, and will perpetuate this powerthrough the same types of network as the upper classes do currently. Moreover, while we should undoubtedly seek to abolish the inequalities which lead to children being born into higher classes, that does not mean that class itself is damaging; rather, on a basic level, it simply means that people do the jobs that they are best suited for."}
{'text': "The House of Lords began as a second chamber for hereditary peers which had the power to veto bills coming to it from the House of Commons. The Parliament Act of 1911 removed the power to veto and replaced it with the power to delay a bill. This established the ultimate sovereignty of the House of Commons. In 1958, life peers were created in addition to hereditary ones. These appointments are made by the government of the day to senior representatives of politics, business and other areas of society. There are also 26 Lords Spiritual who are bishops of the Church of England. The setting up of the Supreme Court in 2009 ended the position of Law Lords (which had existed when the House of Lords was the highest court in the land). The Blair government started the process of reforming the House of Lords by removing almost all of the hereditary peers and replacing them with life peers. Tony Blair’s government, however, was divided about how to finish these reforms. Should the House of Lords eventually be fully elected, fully appointed by an independent commission or a mixture of the two? This article looks at the arguments for a fully elected versus a fully appointed chamber. There is also a related debate about whether to abolish the second chamber completely.\n\nMotion: This House would elect the Second Chamber.\n\nAn argument for 'House of Lords, elected v. appointed': There is no place in the twenty-first century for any system other than a democratically elected chamber. This would bring Britain into line with other democratic nations and would also be consistent with other changes that Britain has recently made, such as elected mayors,elected police chiefs, etc. An appointed House is not that much better than a hereditary one, as it is still elitist and leads to cronyism."}
{'text': "In some countries, especially the USA, criminal trials are commonly televised, and can be both broadcast live in full, or shown in highlight form. In other countries, especially the UK, there has generally been a strong ban on such coverage, although in 2004 it was briefly experimented with. This debate is about criminal trials; civil cases are rarely dramatic enough, or of enough public interest, for anyone to care about broadcasting them (although the UK Supreme Court does live-stream its hearings on the Internet, without many viewers!). Perhaps the most famous example is the 1995 trial of former American footballer O. J. Simpson for the murder of his ex-wife and a male friend, but other high-profile cases, such as singer Michael Jackson’s sexual abuse trial, have also been broadcast.\n\nMotion: This House would put cameras in the court-room.\n\nAn argument for 'Televised trials': It is democratic to allow cameras in courts. The scrutiny made widely possible by television coverage of court proceedings will create healthy criticism of the process and personnel of the judicial system, and will make them answerable. Unfair laws, prejudicial practices and incompetent lawyers and judges will be exposed to a wide public."}
{'text': "University education is very expensive and there are a number of models for funding it. Some countries such as Germany, France and Sweden fund it fully through taxation and it is free to the students. Other countries such as the USA, Australia and England expect students to pay some or all of the fees. There may be loans available so that the students do not have to pay the fees until they are earning, and there may be exemptions for the poorest students. Another option is a graduate tax to raise money for higher education funding. It is not essential for the Opposition team to put forward a model of how they would make students pay, but they may choose to, to clarify the terms of the debate.\n\nMotion: This House believes in free university education.\n\nAn argument for 'University education, free for all': As developed countries become more technologically advanced and richer, there is a need for a fuller education for young people, and there are the resources to pay for it. Where there is the political will, university education can still be free – even if that might involve raising taxes by 1 per cent or 2 per cent. We should campaign for free university education for all as part of the education the state provides to each citizen as a right."}
{'text': "Many countries subsidise the arts to some degree. The French, for example, subsidise their film industry; the Indian government gives money to dance, music and drama; and the British government, through the Arts Council, has supported arts projects, some of which have invited controversy. In contrast, the USA gives very little support to artists, but does fund free access to national art galleries. The arguments vary slightly in the debate, depending on whether you are talking about giving the money towards the creation or the consumption of the arts, but most definitions will cover both.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish state funding of the arts.\n\nAn argument for 'Arts funding by the state, abolition of': There are many more important things for which public money is needed – obvious examples include books and equipment for schools, new drugs and technologies for hospitals, social security payments for single parents and the unemployed. Every spare penny should be channelled into these areas. Public spending should be on necessities, not luxuries. Art is of no material use to the nation and so is not a proper object of public expenditure. It would be better to lower taxes and let people choose to spend the extra money in their pockets on whatever art form they wish, be it visual art or anything else."}
{'text': "Fairtrade is a movement that is undoubtedly noble in motive, namely to help farmers in the developing world receive a fair price for their goods. However, economists are deeply divided as to whether the specific prescriptions of fair trade are effective in alleviating poverty; or whether, conversely, they do more harm than good. This debate is rarely so prescriptive as to involve banning fair trade outright, but can take the form either of a policy (such as limiting its labelling) or individual choice (not buying its products). Fairtrade products are many and varied, including chocolate, coffee, wine and fruit, and also come from many different countries. So a more nuanced approach that pays attention to differences between Fairtrade products may be called for.\n\nMotion: This House would boycott Fairtrade.\n\nAn argument against 'Fairtrade, we should not support': Joining a Fairtrade co-operative is incredibly cheap. In Rwanda, for instance, it costs about US $0.60 per head. That is not beyond anybody’s reach. Once in the co-operative, workers reap the benefits of a share of profits, labour rights and minimum wages, which are all hugely beneficial."}
{'text': "It is difficult to define a cultural treasure, but the Proposition team must have a go, and perhaps nominate a body that will make specific decisions. Treasures can be defined as including relics, documents, artefacts, etc. The British are most under pressure to return many treasures held in the British Museum and so the arguments highlight them and high-profile treasures such as the Parthenon (or Elgin) Marbles from Greece, the Rosetta Stone and artefacts from the Tomb of Tutankhamun from Egypt, and the Benin Bronzes from Nigeria. Other countries, however, can also be included; for example, there are Korean treasures, taken during the Korean War, in the Smithsonian in Washington, DC.\n\nMotion: This House would return cultural treasures totheir country of origin.\n\nAn argument against 'Cultural treasures, returning of': Cultural treasures belong to the world. Great works of art, artefacts from ancient civilisation or items of political significance are relevant and significant to all of humanity. The fact that it was sculpted on your doorstep does not make it most relevant to you – especially when the civilisations have changed (as with Greece and Italy). Ancient Greece and Rome setup all of Western civilisation – the treasures are not more significant to modern-day Greece and Italy than they are to Britain or France."}
{'text': "Privatisation is the process of the state selling off its assets in certain industries and allowing a competitive free market to deal with those sectors instead. It spans largely corporate projects like nationalised mining, to utilities provision (electricity, water, gas,etc.), to public services (healthcare, education, etc.). The core of the debate remains the same, although the urgency of it may vary; for instance, we might be far more worried about the state selling off hospitals than about losing a government-owned carmanufacturer.\n\nMotion: This House would privatise.\n\nAn argument against 'Privatisation': There is more to providing a good service than ruthless efficiency, free market economics and the drive to make profits.The vulnerable sectors of society will always suffer from privatisation. People in isolated villages will have their unprofitable public transport scrapped. Treating elderly patients will not represent an efficient targeting of medical resources. Public ownership ensures that health, education and the utilities are run with the underpinning of a moral conscience."}
{'text': "In spite of the growth of the World Trade Organization, which now has over 150 members committed to liberalising international trade, pure global free trade is a far-off prospect. Meanwhile, regional trade blocs (groups of countries which offer each other greater trading benefits) are growing fast. The EU is the most prominent, but there are many others, including NAFTA (North America), ASEAN (Southeast Asia), Mercosur (much of Latin America) and ECOWAS (Economic Community of West African States). These vary in their extent; for instance, the EU is fully integrated, extending totally free movement of labour and capital to its members, while NAFTA is more limited and focuses on reducing goods tariffs.\n\nMotion: This House prefers the WTO to the EU and NAFTA.\n\nAn argument for 'Regional trade blocs over global free trade': Free trade does not occur in a vacuum; it requires a complex architecture of associated institutions to manage it effectively, including common regulations on health and safety, and harmonised competition laws. The whole world is simply on much too grand a scale for such institutions, which can, by contrast, be more effective at the regional level."}
{'text': "Gambling can cover many activities from betting on sports results, to buying a ticket for the national lottery, to playing cards or slot machines in a casino. Some forms of gambling are illegal or heavily regulated in many countries. In the twenty-first century, the debate has changed some what because of the emergence of the huge online gambling market. A debate could focus on Internet gambling or it could look at all forms of the activity.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all gambling for peopleunder 21.\n\nAn argument for 'Gambling, banning of': Freedom of choice should be limited in the case of gambling for two reasons: first, because once you are addicted you cannot freely choose to stop, especially if you believe your only way to pay off a big gambling debt is with a huge win; second, because gambling may also harm the families of the gamblers, who may lose their homes and face destitution through no fault of their own."}
{'text': "This debate focuses on employees such as teachers, doctors and nurses, transport workers, etc. who are working within the public sector. It may or may not include emergency service workers depending on the definition. It does not usually cover the armed forces. In many countries, trades unions in these areas are very strong and workers use striking as a bargaining tool for better pay and working conditions. Is this an important protection of workers’ rights against their powerful government employer, or is it anti-democratic to hold the government to ransom in this way when it has been elected?\n\nMotion: This House would remove the right to strikefrom public sector workers.\n\nAn argument for 'Right to strike for public sector workers': A general election is not the place to decide on the details of nurses’ pay or immigration officers’ working hours. The country elects a government, but is not giving it a direct mandate on every detail of working conditions for its employees."}
{'text': "This debate will inevitably tend to focus on bankers, because their bonuses tend to cause such uproar in the media, but bonuses are also a very common way of remunerating all sorts of executives. Many states have taken steps to limit bonuses, both in state-owned banks (especially the UK) and private sector ones too (e.g. Switzerland). Bonuses can come in cash or shares; the latter can be less desirable to CEOs especially, as they are often prevented from selling them for a limited period. Inevitably, steps might be taken to evade such limits.\n\nMotion: This House would ban bonuses.\n\nAn argument against 'Bonuses, banning of': Such a ban is laughably easy to evade. Firms will simply rename bonuses, or come up with more creative ways of paying them; for instance, the use of company cars or jets, or ‘gifts’ of high-value objects like works of art. Moreover, base salaries could simply be linked to past years’ performance, which has exactly the same effect."}
{'text': "The censorship of music could cover lyrics containing expletive words, racism and misogyny, espousing or glorifying violence, using explicit sexual imagery, condoning drug use or any other such messages which support illegal behaviour. Rap and hip-hop in particular have been accused of spreading social problems through their lyrics, but all kinds of music could be targeted by this policy. Should freedom of artistic expression be absolute, or should the government intervene in the name of protecting all its citizens from violence and discrimination?\n\nMotion: This House would censor music lyrics.\n\nAn argument against 'Music lyrics, censorship of': The fact that the privileged, educated, white chattering classes find street culture offensive does not give them the right to ban it. Shakespeare’s plays can be grue some, classic literature can be anti-Semitic and opera can be sexist, yet there are no calls for these to be banned. Society should be able to accommodate all art."}
{'text': "The global financial crisis and subsequent economic downturn have greatly increased the number of private companies threatened with bankruptcy. In many cases, governments have responded by bailing out those companies. Bailouts can take many forms: they can be conditional on firms following certain policies or restructuring their operations; or they may involve the government taking a share in the ownership of the company; or they may take the form of injections of cash or the provision of loans repayable at low interest over long periods. It is hard to cover this range of variations,so debates should focus on the principle of governments providing money to keep companies afloat. Most of the prominent examples are from finance; Bear Stearns,Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and AIG in the USA, Northern Rock in the UK and the Anglo Irish Bank in Ireland. Prominent non-financial cases include the rescue of Chrysler and General Motors by the American government in 2008, Parmalat in Italy in 2003, and the rescue in 2010 of Dubai World, Dubai’s state-owned investment company, by fellow emirate Abu Dhabi.\n\nMotion: This House would never bail out failing privateindustry.\n\nAn argument for 'Failing companies, bailing out': Sometimes these firms are in trouble because of bad management or a flawed business model, but often the trigger of their collapse is merely short-term factors in the market, such as rumours of financial weakness (as happened to Northern Rock) or a temporary fall in demand in a key market. Bailing out these companies allows them to survive these short-term shocks and emerge stronger. If the company rises in value later on, the government recovers its money anyway by taking shares in exchange for the bailout."}
{'text': "It is hard to know precisely how widespread torture by security services is, because it is typically kept secret, since it is a clear violation of international, European and (in most states) domestic law, which governments do not want to admit to. It is often referred to by euphemisms, of which ‘enhanced interrogation’ has recently become the best known. Torture techniques vary; some countries are thought to use beatings or electric shocks to torture, but Western techniques tend to be more clinical; IRA suspects were often forced to stand in uncomfortable positions for hours on end, or subjected to light and noise torture, while the US military at Guantanamo Bay used ‘water-boarding’, wheresuspects are wrapped in cling film and have water poured on them to simulate drowning. It is hard to know exactly how much information is obtained from torture, given that it is so secret. It is also hard to deal with the problem of complicity with torture, because many security services who practise it routinely are those with whom Western intelligence must co-operate (in the Middle East and South Asia); inconsequence, even when they do not know about it directly, the CIA and MI6 will often be working from information obtained via torture.\n\nMotion: This House believes that torture is a necessaryevil.\n\nAn argument for 'Terrorist suspects, torture of': The ‘ticking bomb’ scenario is perhaps the best illustration of why torture will sometimes be morally acceptable. Suppose we knew that a bomb was located somewhere, but were not sure where that was,and further knew that a particular terrorist in our custody did possess that information, but was unwilling to give it to us. In that scenario, not torturing is to choose the deaths of a large number of innocent civilians, when they are clearly preventable. This highlights the fact that, while some might oppose torture on the grounds that there are alternative ways of gathering information, sometimes, in the short run, torture will be necessary."}
{'text': "The ‘tabloid’ press has a particular reputation for relishing the details of the private lives of public figures. The death in Paris in a car crash of Diana, Princess of Wales in 1997 refuelled calls for restrictions on the paparazzi (press photographers) from whom she and Dodi Al Fayed had been fleeing. In 2012, The News of the World was shut down after it emerged that its journalists had been hacking the phones of some politicians and celebrities. The private lives (and particularly the sex lives) of politicians, actors, singers and sports personalities are constantly subjected to media scrutiny. In France, the media respect privacy much more. Is it fair that every aspect of the lives of public figures and celebrities should become public property, or should something be done to protect these figures’ privacy? The arguments vary slightly if the debate is narrowed to just politicians or just celebrities. The debate may be argued in principle, or the definition may specify a privacy law, self-regulation or an independent regulatory body.\n\nMotion: This House believes that public figures have aright to private lives.\n\nAn argument against 'Privacy of public figures': It is possible to regulate the behaviour of journalists without censoring the content of articles. Believing in the freedom of the press does not mean supporting any means of gathering information. Phone hacking, in particular, is always wrong and members of the paper involved are facing criminal charges."}
{'text': "A surrogate mother is a woman who carries and gives birth to a baby for another couple who are unable to have children in the normal way. A couple in which the woman is infertile might use the man’s sperm and the surrogate mother’s egg to produce the foetus – the surrogate would not need to have sex with the man, but could be inseminated in another way. Alternatively, if the woman and man are both fertile but the woman cannot, for some other reason, conceive and bear a child, one of the woman’s eggs, fertilised by the man, can be implanted into the womb of the surrogate. When he or she is born, the child is handed over by the surrogate to be adopted by the couple. In some US states, and in India and Russia among others, it is legal to pay surrogate mothers for their services; whereas in other countries such as the UK, Australia and France, only altruistic surrogacy is allowed, which merely permits the payment of reasonable costs.Some countries such as Italy have outlawed all forms of surrogacy, paid or not.\n\nMotion: This House would allow paid surrogate mother-hood.\n\nAn argument for 'Surrogate mothers, payment of': In principle, there should be no objection to financial gain through surrogacy. A surrogate mother can weigh up the advantages and disadvantages of hiring outher womb and should be free to do so if the arrangement is between consenting adults and nobody is harmed. The surrogate mother may feel fulfilled knowing that her work is helping people who are infertile. Both parties benefit from the transaction and the only role of the state should be to make sure that contracts are enforced. Many other jobs are far riskier."}
{'text': "Private schools are those that receive no funding from the state and are instead usually financed through parental fees. They are sometimes called ‘independent schools’ and, confusingly, in the UK they are often referred to as ‘public schools’, whereas most of the world would use that term to describe state schools. Opponents of private schools usually point to the inequality that they believe the schools perpetuate in society, whereas supporters argue that parents should be able to spend their money how they wish.\n\nMotion: This House would pay for its education.\n\nAn argument for 'Private schools': Many private schools offer facilities that are considered extremely worth while and are not found in most state schools. Many are still predominantly boarding schools, providing a secure community feeling which builds confidence in their students. Extra-curricular activities are strongly encouraged to complete a well-rounded and enjoyable education, instructing pupils in many skills useful for adult life. Some private schools exist in old manor houses in the countryside, where pupils have wider opportunities for sports. A large proportion of the schools are single-sex with all of the benefits that such a system brings."}
{'text': "Most legal systems that allow local communities to play a prominent role in sentencing limit this right to relatively cohesive and isolated indigenous or religious communities, but there is no reason in principle that this must be so. A crucial distinction is made between setting the law, conducting the trial to see if a suspect is guilty, and then sentencing; these debates only allow the local community in at the final stage, while retaining the state’s power to set the law and ad minister it. However, there are profound implications in those areas as well. The most prominent example is ‘sentencing circles’ in Australia and Canada, where judges sit with indigenous elders to determine sentences and explain them to both offender and victim. Such circles often take into account different considerations from normal courts focusing on healing and restoring the community rather than a strict emphasis on retribution.\n\nMotion: This House believes that criminals should besentenced in their communities rather thanin the courts.\n\nAn argument for 'Community sentencing': Mainstream justice in these societies is far from perfect; indeed, often its emphasison retribution over rehabilitation is substantially flawed. The justice system potentially has much to learn from other value systems. It is not enough merely to listen to them; they must be seen to be put into practice and experimented with, in order that the lessons from them can beseen in action and then deployed by judges and juries in all courts."}
{'text': "Many education systems in the world use some form of examinations as part of their assessment of school children. In the UK in 2013, teenagers are examined at 16 years for their GCSEs, at 17 for their AS levels and 18 for their A2 levels, and many people think this represents too much testing. Some school systems use examinations once at the end of high school. Other countries such as the USA use a system of grade point averages (GPA) or course work which rewards a child’s performance over time. Is an examination a good way of capturing a pupil’s knowledge and understanding, or does ongoing assessment and intelligence tests of aptitude provide a fairer view of attainment and intelligence?\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the A-level.\n\nAn argument against 'Examinations, abolition of': Pressure is a fact of working life, as are deadlines, and both need to be prepared for and tested. The number of people who cannot handle pressure is very small, and there is no indication that they would manage the increased workload that curricula without exams would involve. They might feel under continual pressure. Parents and teachers should encourage students to relax for exams."}
{'text': "It is commonly held in educated Western culture that religious belief is irrational and unsubstantiated. But can all the great geniuses of Christianity and other religions throughout the ages have simply been mistaken, not to mention the billions of religious believers worldwide today? Some twentieth-century theologians, such as Paul Tillich, have redefined God as ‘the ground of being’, in an attempt to get away from simplistic and anthropomorphic conceptions of God as a very powerful person, or even as an old man with a long beard. Does this idea of God make any sense? Can traditional conceptions of a personal, intelligent, benevolent Creator God be rejuvenated? Or is all talk of God rendered meaningless in a modern scientific world?\n\nMotion: This House believes that God is not dead.\n\nAn argument for 'God, existence of': The fact that there are saints in the world capable of supreme charity, devotion and healing (such as the late Mother Teresa of Calcutta) reveals that there is a source of ultimate love to which humans have access (God) and which can triumph over human evil and selfishness. Evil in the world is a result of human disobedience to God, as symbolised in the story of the Fall of Adam and Eve from their original state of innocence. Natural suffering, such as famine, is a sign that the world may be disobedient, but it is also free. God’s love and forgiveness could make no sense in a world without freedom for humanity and for nature."}
{'text': "Pornography laws vary from country to country. The Internet has changed the nature of the debate as anyone with a computer now has unlimited access to a vast world of online pornography. It is harder to regulate both the production and the viewing of pornography in this area, so is it time to accept it as a healthy part of our sexuality? It is assumed in this debate that anything that is illegal in reality should also be in pornography, so child pornography, rape, bestiality, etc. are outside the scope of the debate and the Proposition team should clarify that.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all adult porno-graphy.\n\nAn argument against 'Pornography': The availability of pornography, even if it is properly restricted to those over 18 or over 21, sends a message of social consent to the objectifying of women in particular. It encourages young men to see women as sex objects. From an early age, young men, through access to pornography, see women in crude sexual poses rather than seeing them just as fellow humans. Such attitudes are insidious and lead to disrespect and discrimination in the workplace and elsewhere."}
{'text': "Many education systems in the world use some form of examinations as part of their assessment of school children. In the UK in 2013, teenagers are examined at 16 years for their GCSEs, at 17 for their AS levels and 18 for their A2 levels, and many people think this represents too much testing. Some school systems use examinations once at the end of high school. Other countries such as the USA use a system of grade point averages (GPA) or course work which rewards a child’s performance over time. Is an examination a good way of capturing a pupil’s knowledge and understanding, or does ongoing assessment and intelligence tests of aptitude provide a fairer view of attainment and intelligence?\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the A-level.\n\nAn argument against 'Examinations, abolition of': Examinations evaluate students’ ability to apply the knowledge they have learned to an unfamiliar question, and to communicate their knowledge to the examiner. Exams should be retained – and perhaps improved – as part of a course involving other means of evaluation such as course-work and viva voces (oral examinations)."}
{'text': "In 2011, France and Belgium banned the wearing of veils which cover the face,including the niqab. Some Muslim-majority countries also restrict the wearing of the veil and Turkey has banned it outright since 1997. These countries say that they are protecting secularism and/or promoting women’s rights, but opponents see it as a gross infringement of civil liberties and an attack on religious freedoms. A Proposition team should consider explaining what their punishment would be in the definition.\n\nMotion: This House would ban the wearing of the veil.\n\nAn argument against 'Veil, prohibition of the': The veil in and of itself need be no barrier. Women in Arab countries participate at all civic levels, while wearing the veil. Maybe it is the Western societies that need to shed their prejudice. Besides, assimilation is not necessarily the goal. People should not have to ‘blend in’, but should be allowed to retain their identity."}
{'text': "The first decade of the twenty-first century has seen a heated debate within the Anglican Church about whether it should allow the ordination of openly gay clergy and bishops. The Church of England, the Episcopal Church in the USA and the Anglican Church of Canada have accepted some gay clergy and, in 2004, Gene Robinson became the first openly gay minister to be made a bishop (the Bishop of New Hampshire in the Episcopal Church). However, the Anglican Communion worldwide is split on this issue, and in 2008, there was a boycott of the Lambeth Conference, such was the strength of the schism. Those opposed believe that homosexuality is against Christian teaching and have declared themselves in a state of ‘impaired communion’ with their liberal counterparts. The arguments here focus on the Anglican Church, but can be easily adapted to apply to other faiths.\n\nMotion: This House would ordain homosexuals.\n\nAn argument for 'Homosexuals, ordination of': The Bible (especially the Old Testament) contains many regulations (e.g.regarding diet, cleanliness, clothing, circumcision, etc.) that Christians do not feel obliged to follow. The biblical opposition to homosexuality should be treated by Christians like these other forgotten ‘purity rules’. In biblical times, homosexuality was not socially integrated and maybe existed in unstable situations detached from love and open to abuse. That is no longer the case, so the view should be rethought. Jesus himself, the central figure of authority in the Bible for Christians, never made any statement against homosexuality."}
{'text': "When the last edition of Pros and Conswas published (in 1999), it perhaps appeared asthough the fall of the Berlin Wall had settled this topic for most right-thinking people.But since then, numerous developments have revived an interest in investigating the fundamental acceptability of capitalism as an economic system such as the developmentof ‘Gross National Happiness’ indexes to measure welfare as more than financial; agrowing concern for capitalism’s impact on the environment; and of course, the global financial crisis. An important point to remember is that in between the two polar opposites presented here, there is a spectrum of different systems which involve partial regulation by the state of the market and the use of market forces to deliver essential governmental functions.\n\nMotion: This House believes that capitalism is a force for good in the world.\n\nAn argument for 'Capitalism v. Socialism': In purely economic terms, free competition is the only way to protect against monopolies. State-owned and state-runmonopolies, in the absence of competition, become inefficient, wasteful and bureaucratic, and supply bad overpriced services to the consumer."}
{'text': "Many football matches have been marred in recent years by the violent or abusive behaviour of the fans. This has included mass rioting as in the Juventus v. Liverpool European Cup Final in 1985. More often the behaviour manifests itself in the throwing of objects at players, or insulting players because of their racial/ethnic background. Nowadays, CCTV may bring the perpetrators to justice, but there is a feeling that since the club is a community, the team should also face the consequences.\n\nMotion: This House would punish sports teams for thebehaviour of their fans.\n\nAn argument against 'Sports teams punished for the behaviour of fans': If there is a problem with the behaviour of fans, then it is better to tackle the fans themselves. It is possible to identify and strongly punish offenders. If necessary, hold games with no spectators so that it is the fans who suffer and not the team."}
{'text': "Debates about organ donation fall into two categories: those about how to increase the overall size of the donor pool, to reduce scarcity of organs; and those about how to allocate scarce organs. While the former are more common, the latter are also vitally important. Given that organ scarcity is not going away any time soon, we also need to think about the questions of principle and policy about how we give them out. Most states adopt a broadly similar system of allocating organs based on need, without regard to other factors, which means that patients typically have to wait until they are very ill for transplant organs. The policy proposed here is already often enforced in a minimal form; for instance, by denying liver transplants to alcoholics who have failed to stop drinking. The policy is not mutually exclusive of other systems of allocation, such as the sale of organs or prioritising those who are registered donors themselves, but gives substantially greater weight to people’s prior choices. There is also a related debate about prioritising a healthy lifestyle in other medical treatment such as changing the order on waiting lists for surgery in favour of those who follow a healthy lifestyle, or (in national health services) denying costly treatment to smokers or the obese.\n\nMotion: This House would prioritise those who havelived healthy lives when allocating organs fortransplants.\n\nAn argument for 'Organ donation: priority for healthy lifestyle': This policy also encourages the donation of organs. It is important to signify that governments take organ donation seriously, and value it; in that way, being an organ donor becomes a ‘badge of honour’, which makes people more likely to want to do it. At the moment, the fact that many organs are ‘wasted’ on those who do not take adequate precautions with their lives and lifestyles sends a message that organs are not important. This policy creates a link between the individual virtues of those who are donating with those of the recipients, establishing both as social role models."}
{'text': "Abortion was always considered sinful, and was criminalised in Britain and most states of the USA in the nineteenth century. Backstreet abortions became a usual way to limit the size of families. In Britain, the 1967 Abortion Act legalised abortion when it was advised by a doctor on medical grounds. In the USA, the Roev. Wade case of 1973 in the Supreme Court set down the principle that in the first three months, abortion is to be allowed; and in the second trimester, it is to be allowed if it is required in the interests of maternal health. In neither country is ‘abortion on demand’ – abortions undertaken principally as a form of birth-control at the wish of the pregnant woman – officially allowed, but doctors (especially those in private clinics) will happily certify that carrying the pregnancy to term would cause severe mental distress to the woman. In many Catholic countries, abortion is still illegal.\n\nMotion: This House would put the mother first.\n\nAn argument against 'Abortion on demand': Young people should be encouraged to have a more responsible attitude to sex and pregnancy, and should deal with the consequences of their actions whatever they may be. There are even schools now specifically for teenage mothers and their babies to attend. In cases of rape or incest, either the child can immediately be put up for adoption, or exceptions could be made just in these distressing instances."}
{'text': "Do referenda have a place in representative democracies? Some countries’ constitutionsdemand referenda on certain (often constitutional) issues. In other cases, it is up to thegovernment to call the referendum.The most common referenda deal with either moralquestions or constitutional issues which are seen as needing direct public involvement.Europe has seen a number of referenda on economic packages, such as bailouts, sincethe 2008 global financial crisis. In some countries such as Switzerland, the public cantrigger a referendum on any issue with a certain number of citizens backing it. The UK held a referendum on the Alternative Vote system in 2011.Would a move towardsfurther use of this participative model be beneficial, or is the reliance on electedrepresentatives to legislate on our behalf sufficient?\n\nMotion: This House calls for more use of the referen-dum.\n\nAn argument against 'Referenda, increased use of': The vast majority of people are not interested in politics on a day-to-day basis. Government by constant referenda would become government by the politically obsessed – government by zealots and extremists. A system based on Internet access would disenfranchise the most disadvantaged in society who do not have access to the technology, while at the same time making it too easy for the majority to express an ill-informed decision on a matter which they neither know nor care about."}
{'text': "It is a tribute to the speed of the rise of the online social network that, when this book’s last edition was published in 1999, it is arguable that not a single social network existed. Early context-specific social networks like Friends Reunited and Classmates emerged in 2000, followed by more general ones such as Myspace, Bebo and Friendster in 2002 and 2003. But perhaps equally telling is that a teenager using Facebook today may wellnot even have heard of the above, let alone used them, because Facebook and Twitter, founded in 2004 and 2006 respectively, have swept through all competition, and become the all-consuming means of online communication. This debate understandably focuses on them.\n\nMotion: This House believes that social networking hasmade us better off.\n\nAn argument against 'Social networking has improved our lives': This speed of communication is present, but disastrous. Face-to-face interaction has died; we no longer make time to catch up with friends because we always know their news anyway. Moreover, we are under constant stress to convey the right social media ‘presence’; it is oppressive to feel the need to ‘check in’ at every location we go to or answer messages in seconds."}
{'text': "The Proposition team needs to define what it means by ‘national service’. In post-war Britain, in several continental European countries and in Israel today, national service means military service with one of the armed forces. This is a valid debate, but other forms of national service could be considered: public service on environmental projects, working with the homeless, people with disabilities, those who are underprivileged, and so on. A choice between the two could be offered. Other issues should be considered: at what age should it be compulsory (pre-or post-university, or should there be a choice)? How long should it last? Should it be for men and women, as it is in Israel, or for men only as in countries such as Turkey and Singapore? Most of the key arguments,however, remain the same which ever model is chosen: do the benefits of national service to the individual and society justify the compulsion? Germany, Italy and France have all abandoned national service in recent years, but other countries are debating its reintroduction.\n\nMotion: This House supports national service.\n\nAn argument against 'National service, (re-)introduction of': A national service may actually lead to a country getting involved in more conflicts, as it will need to justify the conscription, will not find its troops are overstretched and will need something to do with all its conscripts."}
{'text': "Abortion was always considered sinful, and was criminalised in Britain and most states of the USA in the nineteenth century. Backstreet abortions became a usual way to limit the size of families. In Britain, the 1967 Abortion Act legalised abortion when it was advised by a doctor on medical grounds. In the USA, the Roev. Wade case of 1973 in the Supreme Court set down the principle that in the first three months, abortion is to be allowed; and in the second trimester, it is to be allowed if it is required in the interests of maternal health. In neither country is ‘abortion on demand’ – abortions undertaken principally as a form of birth-control at the wish of the pregnant woman – officially allowed, but doctors (especially those in private clinics) will happily certify that carrying the pregnancy to term would cause severe mental distress to the woman. In many Catholic countries, abortion is still illegal.\n\nMotion: This House would put the mother first.\n\nAn argument for 'Abortion on demand': In an increasingly secular and scientific world, the religious views of some people about the infusion of a foetus with a soul by God at conception, for example, should not be imposed upon the rest of society."}
{'text': "The arguments below consider the general arguments for equalising the status of menand women in sport. You may debate this issue in principle or a motion may specifically ask you to look at equalising airtime, prizes or salaries. In all areas, the debate asks whether the market should be allowed to dictate terms or whether intervention is needed to produce equality.\n\nMotion: This House believes that men’s and women’ssports should be given equal airtime.\n\nAn argument against 'Sport, equalise status of men and women in': Sport is commercial and is driven by the market. Prizes reflect what sponsors are willing to pay. Sky shows the fixtures that people will watch. Commercial TV companies are not, and should not be asked to be, an engine for social change."}
{'text': "Castration is the removal of any sexual gland (the testes or ovaries) in males or females. This debate is about the process of administering drugs to sex offenders to remove all function in those glands; the main drug used to destroy testicular function is called Depo-Provera. Policies are of two types: voluntary and mandatory. Voluntary castrations are less contentious; sex offenders may opt to take the drugs. Mandatory ones are the meat of this debate. In some US states, castration is mandatory after two sexual offences; in others, it is at the judge’s discretion. In some countries including Poland, Moldova and Estonia, castration can be compulsory immediately upon conviction.\n\nMotion: This House would chemically castrate sexoffenders.\n\nAn argument for 'Sex offenders, chemical castration of': One of the principal purposes of the punishment for any crime is prevention of re-offence. Chemical castration would take away the sex drive of sex offenders and thus guarantee that they would not re-offend. It would also be a strong deterrent. It is therefore an effective and appropriate punishment."}
{'text': "University education is very expensive and there are a number of models for funding it. Some countries such as Germany, France and Sweden fund it fully through taxation and it is free to the students. Other countries such as the USA, Australia and England expect students to pay some or all of the fees. There may be loans available so that the students do not have to pay the fees until they are earning, and there may be exemptions for the poorest students. Another option is a graduate tax to raise money for higher education funding. It is not essential for the Opposition team to put forward a model of how they would make students pay, but they may choose to, to clarify the terms of the debate.\n\nMotion: This House believes in free university education.\n\nAn argument for 'University education, free for all': Individuals do not exist in a vacuum – we are all part of one organic society. Just as students are dependent on the work of others (e.g. parents, teachers, cleaners) for their educational opportunities, so society is dependent on well-educated graduates (e.g. academics, scientists, economists, bankers, doctors) to prosper and flourish. Society at large benefits from the skills and wealth generation of graduates, and so society at large (i.e. the state) should pay. It is in the nature of taxation that people pay for services that they do not use, and if graduates earn more, then they will contribute more through their taxes."}
{'text': "At the time of writing, in 2013, the euro is on a precipice, with the Greek financial crisis threatening its very existence. It is currently used in 17 EU member states and five further countries that have unilaterally adopted it. Interest rates are set by the European Central Bank (ECB), which aims to keep inflation at or below 2 per cent, but its mandate has now generally broadened to other crisis prevention measures. The euro is also the model for the proposed African and Gulf area single currencies.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the euro has had its day.\n\nAn argument against 'Euro, abolition of the': The Eurozone increases cross-border trade by reducing the costs related to having separate currencies. For instance,tourists are more willing to spend if they can readily identify how much things are worth, and businesses will invest more in other countries where there is no risk that currency fluctuations will devalue their investments."}
{'text': "Abortion was always considered sinful, and was criminalised in Britain and most states of the USA in the nineteenth century. Backstreet abortions became a usual way to limit the size of families. In Britain, the 1967 Abortion Act legalised abortion when it was advised by a doctor on medical grounds. In the USA, the Roev. Wade case of 1973 in the Supreme Court set down the principle that in the first three months, abortion is to be allowed; and in the second trimester, it is to be allowed if it is required in the interests of maternal health. In neither country is ‘abortion on demand’ – abortions undertaken principally as a form of birth-control at the wish of the pregnant woman – officially allowed, but doctors (especially those in private clinics) will happily certify that carrying the pregnancy to term would cause severe mental distress to the woman. In many Catholic countries, abortion is still illegal.\n\nMotion: This House would put the mother first.\n\nAn argument for 'Abortion on demand': In many areas of the world where overpopulation and chronic food shortage are perennial problems, abortion helps prevent bringing children into the world who would probably know only deprivation, illness, starvation and early death."}
{'text': "There is a variety of substances and procedures which enhance physical performance that are banned in sports; for example, steroids, hormones and blood doping. Some sports such as cycling and athletics have seen many high-profile sports stars caught breaking the rules. Despite increased screening, some people believe that drug taking is still rife. The Proposition team must decide whether to allow everything in their definition, which will open them up to an attack of serious health risks; or whether to regulate the substances, which may undermine the point about a level playing field.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise performance-enhancing drugs in sport.\n\nAn argument for 'Performance-enhancing drugs in sport': Performance-enhancing drugs are a reality in sport that we cannot combat. Given that, it is fairer to allow everyone access to the drugs, thereby creating a level playing field. At present, the cheats have an advantage, and the honest are penalised."}
{'text': "Renewed interest in state regulation of the press was spurred by the 2012 Leveson Inquiry in the UK, which examined the various models by which the media can be regulated. In essence, the two basic models used in most countries are ‘self-regulation’, in which the media establishes its own body to monitor and punish non-compliance with a Code of Ethics; whereas in a ‘statutory regulation’ model, an independent press regulator is created by the government, but run at arm’s length. One important difference between the two systems is that with self-regulation, newspapers can opt out, so some may simply be unregulated. Statutory regulators often have greater powers, such as levelling fines, whereas self-regulators may be limited to powers of condemnation.\n\nMotion: This House supports state regulation of themedia.\n\nAn argument against 'Press, state regulation of the': A state-imposed Code of Ethics will not be sufficiently at tuned to the subtle difficulties that editors face when working under pressure, and so will not in fact be properly designed; it is better to let editors set their own code, as they are experts and understand the tasks that a newspaper is engaged in. Moreover, whereas a state-imposed code has to be written into statute and so cannot easily be changed, a self-regulated code can be more flexible, and so can be added to or adapted as circumstances change."}
{'text': "It is a tribute to the speed of the rise of the online social network that, when this book’s last edition was published in 1999, it is arguable that not a single social network existed. Early context-specific social networks like Friends Reunited and Classmates emerged in 2000, followed by more general ones such as Myspace, Bebo and Friendster in 2002 and 2003. But perhaps equally telling is that a teenager using Facebook today may wellnot even have heard of the above, let alone used them, because Facebook and Twitter, founded in 2004 and 2006 respectively, have swept through all competition, and become the all-consuming means of online communication. This debate understandably focuses on them.\n\nMotion: This House believes that social networking hasmade us better off.\n\nAn argument for 'Social networking has improved our lives': Social networks allow rapid political campaigning over issues, connecting people who would otherwise never be able to meet to rally together. Hashtags on Twitter allow us to attach a message to a particular issue, so that like-minded people can get arange of views. This also makes youth a powerful political constituency, as politicians and campaigners check social networks to observe their opinions and capture votes."}
{'text': "In 2011, France and Belgium banned the wearing of veils which cover the face,including the niqab. Some Muslim-majority countries also restrict the wearing of the veil and Turkey has banned it outright since 1997. These countries say that they are protecting secularism and/or promoting women’s rights, but opponents see it as a gross infringement of civil liberties and an attack on religious freedoms. A Proposition team should consider explaining what their punishment would be in the definition.\n\nMotion: This House would ban the wearing of the veil.\n\nAn argument against 'Veil, prohibition of the': We should not restrict individual choice. Many women do choose to wear the veil and find it liberating rather than restricting. Displaying skin is not an objective good. This policy is particularly harmful as it limits only women’s freedoms and therefore is sexist. Many Muslim women have come to Western countries fleeing persecution – they should not face more persecution here."}
{'text': "Frank Sinatra once sang that ‘love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage’. Did this view die with Sinatra in 1998 or is it still a defensible one? Is there something special about marriage that differentiates it from the ever more popular arrangement of cohabitation? Does marriage provide children with a more stable family home, or is the marital status of their parents (or parent) immaterial?\n\nMotion: This House would get married for the sake ofthe children.\n\nAn argument against 'Marriage': Marriage is an unnecessary curb on freedom and happiness. True love in all its intensity does not actually last a lifetime, and it is unreasonable to sentence oneself to a lifetime of enforced fidelity to someone with whom the spark has gone. Especially now that we are living longer and longer, lifetime commitment is unrealistic and unnecessary. Therefore, we should not make promises we cannot keep, but instead acknowledge that even long-term relationships can end when the love is lost or one partner falls in love with somebody else. What meaning does a marriage have if the ‘till death do us part’ vow is so easily broken?"}
{'text': "Private schools are those that receive no funding from the state and are instead usually financed through parental fees. They are sometimes called ‘independent schools’ and, confusingly, in the UK they are often referred to as ‘public schools’, whereas most of the world would use that term to describe state schools. Opponents of private schools usually point to the inequality that they believe the schools perpetuate in society, whereas supporters argue that parents should be able to spend their money how they wish.\n\nMotion: This House would pay for its education.\n\nAn argument for 'Private schools': Following a national or a local schoolboard curriculum results in two damaging side-effects for the student. First, teachers become enslaved to the curriculum and lose their freedom for imaginative,unorthodox teaching techniques suited to their particular pupils. Second, the standards required to pass public examinations continue to fall and become meaningless for the most academic students. Teachers at private schools have far more leeway in how and what to teach. For example, they can choose to offer the International Baccalaureate instead of the A-level if they believe it would challenge their brightest students more effectively."}
{'text': "Most countries, including the UK, have a minimum voting age of 18, but many countries, including Brazil, Austria and Nicaragua, have a voting age of 16. There is a lobby in the UK to lower the voting age to 16 and so this article deals with changing the voting age from 18 to 16. The arguments could be adapted to support a lower voting age; e.g. the start of high school or the age of criminal responsibility.\n\nMotion: This House would reduce the voting age to 16.\n\nAn argument against 'Voting age, reduction of': It is not true that young people are more mature than ever in today’s society. They masquerade as adults by mimicking traditionally adult behaviour (drinking, smoking, using drugs, having sex, swearing, fighting) at younger and younger ages, but that does not make them mature. If anything, the voting age should be raised to give these immature would-be adults a longer time actually to grow up and mature intellectually."}
{'text': "A bill was passed through the House of Commons to legalise gay marriage in February 2013, but it remains a controversial topic in the UK and around the world. Many countries have now legalised it including the Netherlands, Spain and Canada, and it is legal in nine US states. Supporters of gay marriage see it as an important factor in equal rights, whereas its opponents see marriage as an inherently heterosexual union. A Proposition team may want to consider whether it would force religious institutions to marry gay couples, or whether it simply wants the union to be legally recognised where it is performed voluntarily by religious leaders or in civil ceremonies.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise gay marriage.\n\nAn argument for 'Gay marriage, legalising of': Whatever its historical roots, marriage is clearly not just for the purpose of reproduction. Infertile heterosexual couples are allowed to marry; therefore, homosexual couples should be allowed to marry. Homosexual couples, like heterosexual couples, may wish to marry as a prelude to adopting or fostering children, and this should be encouraged as part of a modern understanding of the family and of family values."}
{'text': "Utilitarianism is almost certainly the best known moral framework, but it is often used imprecisely.That is perhaps the fault of the slogan coined by Jeremy Bentham (1776) in A Fragment on Government,advocating the ‘greatest happiness of the greatest number’. But as a moment’s reflection shows, that is not one principle, but two. There might be some hypothetical situations where we can, for instance, increase 20 people’s happiness by one unit, or 10 people’s by three units; in such a case, the ‘greatest happiness’ would commend the latter, but the ‘greatest number’ would commend the former. Put simply,utilitarians believe in creating the greatest amount of happiness possible.That may sound like an intuitively plausible claim, but as the following arguments show, it is far from obvious that utilitarianism is the correct moral world view.This raises a final important point; utilitarianism may be deployed in many debates, but it must be argued for. Simply to say ‘According to John Stuart Mill’s principle of utilitarianism . . .’ does not advance the debate.\n\nMotion: This House would maximise happiness.\n\nAn argument for 'Utilitarianism': The great advantage of happiness as a benefit to promote is that it is universal. Everyone knows what happiness feels like, and everyone feels it at least some of the time; thus, we are not simply encoding some people’s desires as being the things which matter, but working off a physical human good. Moreover, inessence, the pursuit of happiness guides all human action; for that reason, we should seek to promote it for others as we do ourselves."}
{'text': "One must be careful to distinguish between genetic engineering – actual tampering with the genetic code of a being or an embryo – and other forms of intervention in the natural process. This debate focuses on both the genetic modification of crops, which is generally done to produce better commercial and agricultural plant life by making them last longer or be more resistant to disease, and genetic modification of human and animal cells. Most debates will naturally focus on one of these or the other, but they do contain overlapping issues (some of the issues in the human type are also dealt with in the previous debate on ‘eugenics: IVF and genetic screening’).\n\nMotion: This House supports the use of geneticengineering in the natural world.\n\nAn argument for 'Genetic engineering': Genetic engineering is nothing new. Man has been ‘genetically engineering’ crops and livestock by artificial selection for thousands of years. Wheat could never have evolved in the wild without it; the domestic cat is an artificial animal, the result of 4,000 years of ‘unnatural’ breeding. But in the past we had to genetically engineer indirectly, by painstaking cross-breeding with the hope of keeping certain genes. Genetic engineering allows us to transfer genes one at a time, and with a far greater degree of certainty. It is a revolution only in technique."}
{'text': "This entry looks at the teaching of religious studies (RS) as a subject rather than the existence of religious schools. Some countries, such as France, believe that religion has no place within state education. Other countries, such as the UK, offer RS, but allow parents to remove their children from the classes. A definition would need to clarify whether the debate was about instruction in one particular religion, or whether it was the study of all religions as a subject, or both.\n\nMotion: This House believes that religion has no place inour schools.\n\nAn argument against 'Religious teaching in schools': Even if religious teaching covers all faiths, it discriminates against the non-religious. Usually, however, it is focused largely on a small number of faiths or even the one relevant to the majority of its students; this is clearly unfair on the minority who may have another faith."}
{'text': "Some countries including the USA and the UK use an electoral system called ‘first past the post’ (FPTP) in some of their elections. This is where the candidate who receives the most votes wins the seat and the other votes count for nothing. Should such countries reform this system to a more proportional one where the number of seats won is more in line with the popular vote received? There are many models of proportional representation such as Single Transferable Vote or Alternative Vote. A Proposition team may wish to research these models and choose a system to support since they all have slightly different pros and cons, but the debate can also be had on the principle.\n\nMotion: This House believes in proportional representation.\n\nAn argument against 'Proportional representation': All electoral systems are unfair in one way or another. Across the globe, no uniform democratic system has emerged, and different countries all have very different ways of electing representatives democratically."}
{'text': "In an increasingly secular world, does the Church still have anything left to say about social and political issues, or should it be confined to the realm of private spirituality? And if it does have anything to say about political matters, will anybody listen? Or is it the case that, in a multicultural society, only democratically elected politicians should have the authority to shape social and economic policy?\n\nMotion: This House believes that religion is and shouldbe a political force.\n\nAn argument against 'Churches in politics': The encroachment of religion into politics is inherently dangerous in the modern world. The accountability of political leaders is essential to avoid corruption and self-interest – yet religious leaders can by their very nature not beaccountable in the same way. It is true that in the past, religion and politics were inextricably linked, but that is no longer the case. In the modern democratic world,there are secular political mechanisms to ensure representation for the poor and underprivileged without religious interference."}
{'text': "The British Broadcasting Service (BBC) is a public service broadcasting corporation funded from a licence fee. Anybody who has a television set or uses a computer or phone to watch television in real time must pay the licence fee. The fee is set by government and in 2013, stood at £145.50. The BBC was set up in the 1920s and has grown to encompass eight television channels, 10 radio stations and a website. Many people believe that the BBC is a national treasure which must be protected, but there is a growing voice calling for it to be privatised.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the BBC should beprivatised.\n\nAn argument for 'BBC, privatisation of': The notion of a centrally funded television and radio service is outdated. It is a throwback to when BBC One was the only channel. In an age of multi-channel digital TV, on demand services and Internet downloads, there is no place for a nationalised media institution which is given funding above all others."}
{'text': "Sanctions refer to any measures (economic, cultural or diplomatic) which target a country for specific policies or institutional structures (such as dictatorship). In the past, sanctions were applied on a broad-brush basis, to prohibit or severely limit all contact with a country (such as funnelling nearly all the money that went into Iraq through the UN Oil-for-Food programme; or the international prohibition on trade with Burma), but increasingly, those are being replaced by ‘smart sanctions’, which shut down the bank accounts and companies of specific individuals within a regime (such as the sanctions on Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwean regime), and often for a specific purpose (for instance, the prevention of Iran’s nuclear weapons programme).\n\nMotion: This House believes that sanctions do moreharm than good.\n\nAn argument against 'Sanctions, use of': As with all intervention in dictatorial regimes for whatever purpose, sanctions are fine in theory, but can have serious unintended consequences. The standard example of success against South Africa is questionable; many factors were at work there and change was a long time in coming. Iraq was under sanctions for many years without liberalisation; the same applies to Cuba. It is unclear that sanctions work. But worse still, they can entrench dictators’ powers by allowing them to paint the West as evil interferers, while Western states are just trying to prevent popular suffering."}
{'text': "A surrogate mother is a woman who carries and gives birth to a baby for another couple who are unable to have children in the normal way. A couple in which the woman is infertile might use the man’s sperm and the surrogate mother’s egg to produce the foetus – the surrogate would not need to have sex with the man, but could be inseminated in another way. Alternatively, if the woman and man are both fertile but the woman cannot, for some other reason, conceive and bear a child, one of the woman’s eggs, fertilised by the man, can be implanted into the womb of the surrogate. When he or she is born, the child is handed over by the surrogate to be adopted by the couple. In some US states, and in India and Russia among others, it is legal to pay surrogate mothers for their services; whereas in other countries such as the UK, Australia and France, only altruistic surrogacy is allowed, which merely permits the payment of reasonable costs.Some countries such as Italy have outlawed all forms of surrogacy, paid or not.\n\nMotion: This House would allow paid surrogate mother-hood.\n\nAn argument for 'Surrogate mothers, payment of': When formal and commercial, the process can be carried out within strict medical and legal guidelines. This offers more protection both to the surrogate and those who have hired her. In countries that allow altruistic surrogacy, the law is often murky, with an adoption needed after birth."}
{'text': "The influence of money in sport has long been present, but in recent years, the sums involved have risen exponentially. Gone are the days of local footballers earning small sums of money playing for a local team; in 2009, Real Madrid paid a whopping €98 million to sign Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United, while Lionel Messi’s contract at FC Barcelona sees him earning €34 million. Outside football, the money is in fact even bigger; boxers Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao earned US$85million and US$62 million respectively in 2011. All of this also means that prices rise as well; a season ticket is now beyond the reach of traditional supporters.\n\nMotion: This House believes that there is too muchmoney in sport.\n\nAn argument against 'Sport, regretting the commercialisation of': The extra money in sport is in fact good for the sports fan. Obviously, the more highly trained athletes result in a more exciting spectacle. Also, major sporting fixtures have become national events. For those dedicated enough to attend in person, expensive new stadia provide room for more fans in more comfort and safety than ever before; for others, well thoughtout comprehensive coverage is provided on television and radio. Even though rights are increasingly bought up by satellite and cable channels, deregulation of the broadcasting market means that ever more people have access to these. Moreover, national governments can, and do, stop the sale of certain events to pay-per-view channels, to ensure universal access."}
{'text': "This links closely to the earlier debate about expansion of the European Union, but instead focuses on what the EU itself should do.While in many respects, the EU already resembles a single state (with its own currency and central bank, an apex [supreme]court and reams of legislation on the minutiae of central government), in others, it remains a union of independent, sovereign member states (each with their own military, fiscal policies and public services). This debate is about whether the EU should follow the US model and devolve much greater power to a central government, while allowing individual member states to retain small areas of autonomy.\n\nMotion: This House would federalise Europe.\n\nAn argument against 'United States of Europe': There is no need for a federal model to prevent these problems. Indeed, if the EU’s Stability and Growth Pact had been adequately enforced, this problem would never have arisen. Rather, the EU can impose harsh sanctions on those breaking its common rules in certain areas, while leaving those matters that only concern what happens within national borders to member states."}
{'text': "The Proposition team needs to define what it means by ‘national service’. In post-war Britain, in several continental European countries and in Israel today, national service means military service with one of the armed forces. This is a valid debate, but other forms of national service could be considered: public service on environmental projects, working with the homeless, people with disabilities, those who are underprivileged, and so on. A choice between the two could be offered. Other issues should be considered: at what age should it be compulsory (pre-or post-university, or should there be a choice)? How long should it last? Should it be for men and women, as it is in Israel, or for men only as in countries such as Turkey and Singapore? Most of the key arguments,however, remain the same which ever model is chosen: do the benefits of national service to the individual and society justify the compulsion? Germany, Italy and France have all abandoned national service in recent years, but other countries are debating its reintroduction.\n\nMotion: This House supports national service.\n\nAn argument against 'National service, (re-)introduction of': Compulsory service is likely to be resented, undermining any possible benefits. An elaborate bureaucracy would be needed to prevent candidates evading call-up, which would often be easier for the prosperous middle class than for working-class families – as in the USA at the time of the Vietnam War. The scheme would cost vast sums even without this bureaucracy. If personal development is the aim, then the money would be better invested in training schemes and apprenticeships."}
{'text': "A bill was passed through the House of Commons to legalise gay marriage in February 2013, but it remains a controversial topic in the UK and around the world. Many countries have now legalised it including the Netherlands, Spain and Canada, and it is legal in nine US states. Supporters of gay marriage see it as an important factor in equal rights, whereas its opponents see marriage as an inherently heterosexual union. A Proposition team may want to consider whether it would force religious institutions to marry gay couples, or whether it simply wants the union to be legally recognised where it is performed voluntarily by religious leaders or in civil ceremonies.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise gay marriage.\n\nAn argument for 'Gay marriage, legalising of': Many societies give certain financial advantages to married couples – e.g. tax allowances. To deny these advantages to committed homosexual couples is an unjustifiable case of discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation."}
{'text': "Frank Sinatra once sang that ‘love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage’. Did this view die with Sinatra in 1998 or is it still a defensible one? Is there something special about marriage that differentiates it from the ever more popular arrangement of cohabitation? Does marriage provide children with a more stable family home, or is the marital status of their parents (or parent) immaterial?\n\nMotion: This House would get married for the sake ofthe children.\n\nAn argument against 'Marriage': Marriage is an inherently sexist and homophobic institution. Women are ‘given away’ as if they were a possession and take their husband’s name as if their identity is unimportant. In the traditional marriage vows they pledge to ‘obey’ their husbands. These views are outdated in today’s world of gender equality. Although this is changing in some countries, most of the world and most organised religion soppose gay marriage, which creates discrimination within society."}
{'text': "Most countries, including the UK, have a minimum voting age of 18, but many countries, including Brazil, Austria and Nicaragua, have a voting age of 16. There is a lobby in the UK to lower the voting age to 16 and so this article deals with changing the voting age from 18 to 16. The arguments could be adapted to support a lower voting age; e.g. the start of high school or the age of criminal responsibility.\n\nMotion: This House would reduce the voting age to 16.\n\nAn argument against 'Voting age, reduction of': While some people think there should be a test for a voting ‘licence’, as long as that does not exist, we need to put an agelimit on voting. Teenagers are less likely to follow the news and care about politics as the issues do not directly affect them. Where laws do affect them directly, they are represented through their parents’ votes."}
{'text': "Private schools are those that receive no funding from the state and are instead usually financed through parental fees. They are sometimes called ‘independent schools’ and, confusingly, in the UK they are often referred to as ‘public schools’, whereas most of the world would use that term to describe state schools. Opponents of private schools usually point to the inequality that they believe the schools perpetuate in society, whereas supporters argue that parents should be able to spend their money how they wish.\n\nMotion: This House would pay for its education.\n\nAn argument against 'Private schools': The wealth of private schools, no matter how good an education they provide, causes more problems than it solves. As long as these institutions exist, they will attract the best teachers, eager for high salaries, and the best resources. This means that schools in the state sector, which cater to the vast majority of students, receive disproportionately poor resources. Only when private schools are abolished will it be possible for staff and facilities to be distributed equitably. Standards will not fall because if the children of the elite are in these schools, then those parents will demand the highest standards."}
{'text': "The essence of the welfare state is that it provides benefits and services to everyone in a country, regardless of their ability to pay. It is founded on a belief that everyone deserves equal quality of certain essential public services, regardless of how much they earn. Objections can be both ideological (it rewards the undeserving) and practical (it provides poor outcomes). There are major definitional issues in this debate; teams should attempt to broadly agree on an expansive but imperfectly defined mass of things that the welfare state covers, ranging from schools to unemployment benefits.\n\nMotion: This House believes in the welfare state.\n\nAn argument for 'Welfare state': In the interest of equality, there should be no private education, health services or pensions. The state should have a monopoly on the welfare state in order to ensure truly efficient welfare – through economies of scale and centralisation – which is also egalitarian. The best resources can be distributed within the public system rather than being creamed off for the elite who can afford private schools and private healthcare."}
{'text': "In the USA, a candidate must be 25 to stand for the House of Representatives, 30 for the Senate and 35 for president. In Italy, a candidate must be 50 or more to stand for president; and in Germany, the age limit is 40 to stand for chancellor, though the country allows 18 year olds to stand for other positions. Are all these restrictions ageist and should the age of candidacy for all positions be the same as the voting age? In countries such as Australia and Denmark, 18 year olds may stand for any office. In Britain, the minimum age to stand for parliament was lowered from 21 to 18 in 2007. Is this more democratic and representative or is it reckless?\n\nMotion: This House would allow 18 year olds to stand for office.\n\nAn argument for 'Political candidacy, age of': Elected assemblies are too often stuffy, pompous and out of touch with the public, especially with the needs and interests of the young. Allowing 18 year olds to be democratic representatives will give avoice to those concerns and do somethingto bring the democratic process closer to real people. Even if very few, or none, were elected, their voices during the election would change the campaign and put pressure on other politicians to appeal to young voters. The idealism of young people would be a benefit in an ever more cynical political world; 18 year olds could bring dynamism, idealism and values to bear in the political system."}
{'text': "Many countries subsidise the arts to some degree. The French, for example, subsidise their film industry; the Indian government gives money to dance, music and drama; and the British government, through the Arts Council, has supported arts projects, some of which have invited controversy. In contrast, the USA gives very little support to artists, but does fund free access to national art galleries. The arguments vary slightly in the debate, depending on whether you are talking about giving the money towards the creation or the consumption of the arts, but most definitions will cover both.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish state funding of the arts.\n\nAn argument for 'Arts funding by the state, abolition of': We have learned from the past (especially in communist regimes) that funding of artistic projects (including the composition of music) all too easily slides into the realm of propaganda. Art should be free to criticise the government."}
{'text': "Unlimited population growth cannot be a good thing; Thomas Malthus pointed out 200 years ago that the human capacity for reproduction could disastrously overtake the resources available to mankind. The debate now is whether we are heading for a ‘Malthusian’ disaster, and whether measures to avoid it should be ‘soft’ (education of women, economic growth) or ‘hard’ (promotion of free contraceptives, abortion, penalties for large families, etc.). A Proposition team that ducks the second type and sticks only to soft measures does not deserve to win this debate. The classic example of a successful population control regime is that in China, the ‘one-child policy’; in recent years, however, this has been relaxed, questioning its relevance for the modern age.\n\nMotion: This House would introduce one-child policiesacross the developing world.\n\nAn argument for 'Population control': The reason that sons are more highly valued is that they go out to work, whereas daughters are baby-making machines. Population control measures will increase women’s economic value by freeing them from a life of child rearing to go to work. In turn, this will lessen the preference formale offspring."}
{'text': "The norms for school dress code vary around the world from a strict uniform through dress codes to no, or very few, restrictions on clothing. This is usually a debate that school pupils themselves have very strong opinions on. A definition may want to address the age range it is targeting, and the anti-uniform side could clarify how free it wants dress to be.\n\nMotion: This House believes school uniforms are a good idea.\n\nAn argument against 'School uniform': A relatively small percentage of jobs require uniforms to be worn. Why should pupils planning to be doctors not wear white coats, or future computer programmers not wear t-shirts and jeans?"}
{'text': "It is commonly held in educated Western culture that religious belief is irrational and unsubstantiated. But can all the great geniuses of Christianity and other religions throughout the ages have simply been mistaken, not to mention the billions of religious believers worldwide today? Some twentieth-century theologians, such as Paul Tillich, have redefined God as ‘the ground of being’, in an attempt to get away from simplistic and anthropomorphic conceptions of God as a very powerful person, or even as an old man with a long beard. Does this idea of God make any sense? Can traditional conceptions of a personal, intelligent, benevolent Creator God be rejuvenated? Or is all talk of God rendered meaningless in a modern scientific world?\n\nMotion: This House believes that God is not dead.\n\nAn argument against 'God, existence of': We do not need God to explain natural laws and forces – they would simply have to exist for us to be here at all and for there to be a universe. The fact that we find laws and forces should not, therefore, be a source of surprise. The universe being a ‘brute fact’ that we cannot explain is a more intellectually honest answer than inventing a supernatural Creator."}
{'text': "This debate looks at whether the government should intervene to stop the social and health problems related to alcohol, or whether people should be allowed to make their own decisions in relation to drinking. A Proposition team may want to think about the enforcement and penalties attached to the policy as most people are familiar with the failure of Prohibition in the USA.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all alcoholic drinks.\n\nAn argument for 'Alcohol, prohibition of': Statistics show undeniably that alcohol plays a role in many crimes. In the UK, it is a factor in 65 per cent of murders, 40 percent of cases of domestic violence, and a third of all cases of child abuse; the Association of Chief Police Officers puts the proportion of violent crime that is alcohol-related at about 70 per cent. Studies state that 80 per cent of people treated in accident and emergency departments are there because of alcohol use,with 10 people killed through drink-driving every week and thousands permanently scarred every year in drunken fights. Drinking while pregnant harms an unborn baby. The government must intervene in response to these horrifying statistics by banning alcohol consumption."}
{'text': "The popular imaginary of terrorism might now mainly focus on Al-Qaeda and the mass destruction of 9/11, the London and Madrid train bombings and associations with the Taliban, but there are many terrorist groups with arguably far more just aims; historical examples include the African National Congress (ANC) or the Irish Republican Army (IRA), and current ones include ETA (the Basque nationalist movement) and Palestinian terrorism. The point of the debate is not to argue about whether specific causes are just, but whether, assuming they are, violence against civilians would then belegitimate to pursue those aims. Equally, while the Proposition team must defend some specific acts of violence, they need not support, for instance, the blowing up of kindergartens.\n\nMotion: This House believes that terrorism is justifiablein pursuit of a just cause.\n\nAn argument against 'Terrorism, justifiability of': The bare minimum is unacceptable – ‘phony’ warnings still serve as reminders. The more often a terrorist exploits the fear from a previous attack, the more the public will begin to see through it and the terrorist must attack again. Moreover, fear is simply not credibly created unless it is supported by a real risk of attack, which inturn requires that at some point an attack takes place. A terrorist group that only ever made threats would hardly be feared."}
{'text': "As a formal matter of international law, military actions not in self-defence must be approved by the United Nations, or they are illegal. This debate proposes changing that position in order to encourage humanitarian interventions. It is worth noting that as sanctions for breaches of those rules are minimal, this debate takes place on the basis that actual sanctions for breach will be rare, although the International Criminal Court (ICC) has now agreed to prosecute the crime of aggression, so that may change in the future. Iraq will obviously loom large in this debate, but there are numerous other examples that are relevant.\n\nMotion: This House believes that humanitarian inter-ventions should not require UN approval.\n\nAn argument for 'Non-UN-sanctioned military intervention': The UN does not need to authorise an intervention to have some oversight of it. This is the distinction between ius adbellum (the law of whether going to war is just) and ius in bello (law during war). Abuse can still be prosecuted at the International Criminal Court."}
{'text': "This is a policy that sits ill with the long-held legal doctrine that for most crimes, a person must have the relevant mens rea (state of mind) for that crime; it is hard to see how parents can have the state of mind for a crime committed by someone else. But it is easy to borrow from other areas of law, such as the doctrine of ‘vicarious liability’ which holds employers civilly liable for the actions of their employees, to make this work. While thereare no examples of this policy being enacted in a complete way, there are some smaller-scale examples of it, such as punishing parents for their children playing truant from school or bullying other children (the former in Florida, the latter in Michigan).\n\nMotion: This House would punish parents for theirchildren’s crimes.\n\nAn argument for 'Parents, responsibility for the criminal acts of their children': This will act as a powerful deterrent against children committing crimes. If children love their parents, they will think twice before committing crimes, knowing that they could not only land themselves in prison, but potentially leave themselves and their siblings parentless. It is thus highly useful to manipulate potential criminals into behaving themselves."}
{'text': "In spite of the growth of the World Trade Organization, which now has over 150 members committed to liberalising international trade, pure global free trade is a far-off prospect. Meanwhile, regional trade blocs (groups of countries which offer each other greater trading benefits) are growing fast. The EU is the most prominent, but there are many others, including NAFTA (North America), ASEAN (Southeast Asia), Mercosur (much of Latin America) and ECOWAS (Economic Community of West African States). These vary in their extent; for instance, the EU is fully integrated, extending totally free movement of labour and capital to its members, while NAFTA is more limited and focuses on reducing goods tariffs.\n\nMotion: This House prefers the WTO to the EU and NAFTA.\n\nAn argument against 'Regional trade blocs over global free trade': Rather than representing a step enroute to total free trade, the setting up of regional blocs entrenches the regional system. Regional blocs tend to put up large external tariffs on goods from outside the region, and so actually reduce the likelihood of global free trade and undermine the WTO’s objectives."}
{'text': "This issue could be set in many countries where there is a history of a slave trade. It is often set in the USA where the descendants of many slaves live and where there is a strong lobby for more recognition and justice for this community. It could also be run country to country (e.g. that Britain should pay reparations to Jamaica; or the West should pay reparations to Africa). It may need to be established exactly who is to pay the reparations (countries or companies, for example) and who will receive them, and how much they will be; or it may be possible to have the debate as a principle.\n\nMotion: This House supports reparations for slavery.\n\nAn argument for 'Slavery, reparations for': There are precedents: in the 1980s, the USA paid reparations to survivors of Japanese American internment during the Second World War; the German government paid reparations to victims of the Holocaust and their families. The question of who pays and who receives money could be decided by an independent commission. In most cases, clear lineage can be established."}
{'text': "Like many of the views in this chapter, anarchism does not represent a singular or comprehensive ideological position, but a family of competing ones. The common thread that unites anarchist theories is a belief in the unjustifiability of the state and its authority over us. For example, some anarchists argue against the state on the grounds that its authority is not consented to, or that it produces worse outcomes for its citizens, or it unacceptably imposes the values or interests of a certain group upon all citizens of the state. Notably, anarchism can co-exist with many other philosophical positions. For instance, there are  \\\\'anarcho-capitalists \\\\', who believe that the absence of a state ensures a purer operation of the capitalist system with a truly free market. On the other hand,  \\\\'anarcho-socialists \\\\' believe that mutual co-operation is a naturally arising result in a stateless world, and will in fact bring about greater equality than any state mechanism could provide.\n\nMotion: This House supports anarchism.\n\nAn argument for 'Anarchism': Anarchism can produce stable political situations in which people are capable of flourishing while preserving their autonomy. We know that, on a small scale, anarchist co-operatives, usually blended with an element of distribution of wealth, are able to succeed and thrive.More generally, the state encourages us to think only in terms of our blunt self-interest, whereas actually, humans are capable of far greater co-operation, and have a natural predilection for it. This self-reliance of people is not manifested because the state creates the impression that everyone can rely on its structural presence and services."}
{'text': "Many countries have set up DNA databases of convicted criminals. Britain has controversially included the DNA of all those suspected of a crime even if there was no conviction, but now must delete those records after two years if there has been no conviction. But should governments set up DNA databases for all their citizens? Such DNA databases could have wide-ranging uses for research, health and crime, but many think the invasion of privacy is too great. A debate could be had just about criminal databases, but this article looks at the introduction of a universal database.\n\nMotion: This House would establish a universal DNAdatabase.\n\nAn argument for 'DNA database, universal': There are public health benefits to a universal DNA database. Researchers would be able to use the database to track genes and advance our understanding of predictive and preventative medicine. As the Human Genome Project progresses,this is the next step in understanding our genetic make-up."}
{'text': "In the USA, most judges at a state level are elected, but federal judges are appointed by the president, subject to confirmation by the senate. In the UK and most other ‘common law’ countries, judges are appointed, usually by independent and expert commissions. It is important to realise that there are many indirect consequences of elections of judges, most prominently the increase in politicisation of the judiciary.Judicial appointments outside the USA receive very little public scrutiny, whereas in America they are front-page news. It is important to recognise that judges perform a wide range of functions, which may differ in their relevance to politics; interpreting the Insolvency Acts is unlikely to be a highly political activity, but reducing murderers’ sentences obviously is.\n\nMotion: This House would elect its judges.\n\nAn argument for 'Judges, election of': Being a judge is an inherently political activity; judges make decisions all the time about how rights in constitutions or human rights laws are to be interpreted, which define the limits of what governments can do to their citizens. For instance, there is nothing exclusively ‘legal’ about the decision as to whether abortion or gay marriage are legal, or the limits of the right to strike; these decisions should thus be governed in the same way as other political ones."}
{'text': "The arguments below consider the general arguments for equalising the status of menand women in sport. You may debate this issue in principle or a motion may specifically ask you to look at equalising airtime, prizes or salaries. In all areas, the debate asks whether the market should be allowed to dictate terms or whether intervention is needed to produce equality.\n\nMotion: This House believes that men’s and women’ssports should be given equal airtime.\n\nAn argument against 'Sport, equalise status of men and women in': If people want to watch more women’s sport, they should start buying tickets and the money and profile will follow. Already women’s sport has a higher profile than it used to, and it will continue to grow without intervention. There is no inherent sexism in coverage. In sports where there is an audience for watching women (athletics, gymnastics and tennis, for example), the events are shown on television. There is not the same audience for women’s rugby or cricket. Similarly, since 2007, the prizes for Wimbledon champions are equal."}
{'text': "The legalisation of drugs has long been an important issue, but in recent years, it has taken on a global dimension.‘Plan Colombia’, a scheme to encourage lawful enterprises in Colombia, has largely defeated the drug cartels in that country, but at the same time Mexico has collapsed into lawlessness at the hands of gangs. As well as the general debate about legalising all drugs, debates may arise about legalising specific drugs, or about more creative policies such as the legalisation of drugs within certain areas.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all drugs.\n\nAn argument against 'Drugs, legalisation of': Regulation can control for certain effects of drugs, but ultimately it cannot side-step the central problem, which is that drugs are harmful. Rather than being facilitated in their addictions, individuals should be discouraged from ever using drugs, and the state should do whatever it can to stop them getting involved, especially as softer drugs can act as a ‘gateway’ to harder ones, exposing young people to the huge harm of a heroin or crack addiction."}
{'text': "Child labour is often a taboo; in the words of the International Labour Organization(ILO), what it does to victims is ‘deprive them of the chance to be children’. However, it has also been exceptionally common throughout history; until the twentieth century,even in Western Europe, most children worked, albeit part-time. This debate has two strands; first, whether even at its best, child labour could be justified; and second, whether given the said reality that many children who ‘labour’ are in fact slaves, measures ought to be taken against it. It can be an analysis debate about whether child labour is right, an individual choice debate about buying goods produced with child labour, or a policy debate about legalisation. For the most part, the focus is on the developing world.\n\nMotion: This House would buy goods made with childlabour.\n\nAn argument against 'Child labour can be justified': Child labour is not a viable or h elpful route out of poverty. First, because it pays very poorly, it rarely offers much to families anyway. Second, it hurts children’s long-term financial prospects, because educated children will earn more. Third, it may act as a smoke screen for a failure to provide adequate foreign aid to alleviate this poverty."}
{'text': "University education is very expensive and there are a number of models for funding it. Some countries such as Germany, France and Sweden fund it fully through taxation and it is free to the students. Other countries such as the USA, Australia and England expect students to pay some or all of the fees. There may be loans available so that the students do not have to pay the fees until they are earning, and there may be exemptions for the poorest students. Another option is a graduate tax to raise money for higher education funding. It is not essential for the Opposition team to put forward a model of how they would make students pay, but they may choose to, to clarify the terms of the debate.\n\nMotion: This House believes in free university education.\n\nAn argument for 'University education, free for all': A free system removes barriers to entry and the disincentive of debt and therefore leads to a greater percentage of society attending university, which benefits society. Industry, commerce, science and the culture of a country all need the benefit of graduates, and society should be prepared to invest in having a well-educated population."}
{'text': "Voting is compulsory in a number of jurisdictions including Australia, Belgium, Brazil and Bolivia. In Australia, failure to vote is punishable by fines or even by imprisonment, whereas in other countries the sanction can be a with holding of benefits or services. A definition may wish to consider which type of sanction the Proposition team wish to endorse and what level of elections this applies to. It is also possible to include a ‘no vote’ box on the ballot paper to allow for a rejection of all candidates.\n\nMotion: This House would make voting compulsory.\n\nAn argument for 'Voting, compulsory': Especially after the suffering of and sacrifices made by women and minority campaigners in the pursuit of universal suffrage, we owe it to our ancestors and to history to exercise our democratic right to vote. If people are so apathetic that they will not do this freely, we must make it compulsory. Such apathy also affects the moral authority of the West which is seen to preach democracy and sometimes impose it, while its own democracies are sick."}
{'text': "Racial profiling refers to the policing policy of focusing efforts in crime prevention on particular minority groups who are thought to be involved more often in certain types of crime. The policy is not about acting on specific pieces of intelligence (‘There is a suspect, who is 6 foot 3 and Afro-Caribbean’), but about a more general approach to the use of stop-and-search powers, extra checks at airports and so on. Clearly, which minorities are targeted is a contextual factor; if seeking to prevent Islamic terrorism, it will probably involve searching South Asian men more often at airports, but if concerned about gun crime in inner-city Baltimore, it will focus on young male African Americans\n\nMotion: This House would use racial profiling in the waron terror.\n\nAn argument against 'Racial profiling': Terrorists will readily be able to circumvent this policy, because terrorist groups represent ideological, not purely ethnic, causes, and so they will use non-stereotypical ethnicities to conduct their terrorist acts. For instance, the hijacking of an El Al plane from Israel to Entebbe, Uganda, in 1976 was conducted on behalf of Palestinian terrorists, but by white members of Germany’s Baader-Meinhof gang; such sharing agreements between terror groups will simply be revived."}
{'text': "This debate draws on the presence and growing use of voluntary ‘fat camps’, or weight-loss camps, in the USA, the UK and Canada to deal with the problem of obesity, especially childhood obesity. They involve people voluntarily checking into residential camps where they eat carefully prescribed diets, away from temptation, and exercise heavily. They can also involve nutrition classes and cognitive behavioural therapy designed to achieve positive long-term outcomes. This policy obviously varies in making them compulsory.\n\nMotion: This House would force obese children toattend weight-loss camps.\n\nAn argument for 'Obese children, compulsory attendance at weight-loss camps': Children who are severely overweight are in urgent need of intervention. Their weight exposes them to the risk of long-term health damage, such as the development of diabetes and heart damage, as well as significant short-term problems, including chronic fatigue. The state must step in immediately to protect them."}
{'text': "The UN has certainly not been an unqualified success, but it has hardly been an unmitigated disaster either. The central point in this debate is to identify some theoretical framework or set of criteria in which to fit the numerous examples on both sides. For instance, the UN might be compared to its initial aims, or it might be said that those have evolved over time, or that the original charter is an overly demanding metric to use. As this debate is so fact-heavy, it is particularly important to be up to date on the UN’s work. There is also some confusion about exactly what counts as ‘the UN’, because organisations like the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bankare notionally connected to it, but financially and operationally separate; generally, these can be excluded as there is plenty of material without them.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the UN.\n\nAn argument for 'United Nations, failure of the': The United Nations was founded in the aftermath of the Second World War, in an attempt to preserve peace and to build a better world founded upon respect for human rights. There have been so many conflicts, with so much loss of life, in the past 50 years that it is clear that the UN has not satisfied the hopes of its founders. Not only do many regimes still abuse basic human rights, but the UN has been powerless to prevent ethnic cleansing and genocide in Central Africa and the Balkans."}
{'text': "Boxing is a combat sport where two people fight by throwing punches with gloved hands. It originated in Ancient Greece and is an Olympic sport. It is a popular sport in many countries today, but it has many opponents who believe that it is barbaric and that the harm done to the boxers themselves and to society as a whole merits a ban. The arguments in this debate broadly apply to other contact sports (or ‘collision’ sports in some terminology) such as some martial arts or rugby.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish contact sports.\n\nAn argument against 'Boxing, banning of': Boxers can actually be very positive role models: they offer an example of success achieved through hard work and discipline. Many boxers, such as Frank Bruno, have done wonderful service to charities, and others are very articulate – for example, Chris Eubank. Muhammad Ali has been an inspiration to generations both as a boxer and as a man. Many boxers come from working-class backgrounds and go on to become household names in professional boxing or to represent their country in the Olympics. This can be aspirational and offer a way out of poverty to deprived young people."}
{'text': "Frank Sinatra once sang that ‘love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage’. Did this view die with Sinatra in 1998 or is it still a defensible one? Is there something special about marriage that differentiates it from the ever more popular arrangement of cohabitation? Does marriage provide children with a more stable family home, or is the marital status of their parents (or parent) immaterial?\n\nMotion: This House would get married for the sake ofthe children.\n\nAn argument for 'Marriage': Many people enjoy planning and throwing a huge wedding and see it as one of the happiest days of their lives. People are free to spend their money how they wish and this is a way which brings joy to the couple and their families and friends. However, it is possible to spend almost no money on a wedding and the fashions for celebrations change over time. A dislike of ostentatious weddings should not be seen as a reason to oppose the institution of marriage."}
{'text': "The influence of money in sport has long been present, but in recent years, the sums involved have risen exponentially. Gone are the days of local footballers earning small sums of money playing for a local team; in 2009, Real Madrid paid a whopping €98 million to sign Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United, while Lionel Messi’s contract at FC Barcelona sees him earning €34 million. Outside football, the money is in fact even bigger; boxers Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao earned US$85million and US$62 million respectively in 2011. All of this also means that prices rise as well; a season ticket is now beyond the reach of traditional supporters.\n\nMotion: This House believes that there is too muchmoney in sport.\n\nAn argument for 'Sport, regretting the commercialisation of': Commercialised sport is also bad for the viewer. As covering major events has become more expensive, rights to do so have been bought by subscription and pay-per-view channels; public broadcasting can compete only with the aid of state intervention, which is heavily opposed by sporting bodies greedy for more cash, leaving fans out of pocket. Coverage is in danger of becoming ever more revenueled – football in particular is under pressure to become a game of four quarters to allow more advertising."}
{'text': "This debate draws on the presence and growing use of voluntary ‘fat camps’, or weight-loss camps, in the USA, the UK and Canada to deal with the problem of obesity, especially childhood obesity. They involve people voluntarily checking into residential camps where they eat carefully prescribed diets, away from temptation, and exercise heavily. They can also involve nutrition classes and cognitive behavioural therapy designed to achieve positive long-term outcomes. This policy obviously varies in making them compulsory.\n\nMotion: This House would force obese children toattend weight-loss camps.\n\nAn argument for 'Obese children, compulsory attendance at weight-loss camps': Parents who allow their children to get severely obese are so irresponsible as to lose their absolute right to control their children. When their children are so in danger, and at risk of such severe harm, the state has a solemn obligation to step in to protect them. Moreover, often their parents need a shock to make them realise that their attitude to their children’s weight is unacceptable; once they receive it, they will become more supportive."}
{'text': "This debate draws on the presence and growing use of voluntary ‘fat camps’, or weight-loss camps, in the USA, the UK and Canada to deal with the problem of obesity, especially childhood obesity. They involve people voluntarily checking into residential camps where they eat carefully prescribed diets, away from temptation, and exercise heavily. They can also involve nutrition classes and cognitive behavioural therapy designed to achieve positive long-term outcomes. This policy obviously varies in making them compulsory.\n\nMotion: This House would force obese children toattend weight-loss camps.\n\nAn argument for 'Obese children, compulsory attendance at weight-loss camps': Rather than stigmatising them, a trip to a ‘weight-loss camp’ will be beneficial to children’s self-esteem. As they lose weight, they will be able to be more active, and so go out more and play with their friends. They will no longer be labelled as ‘the fat kid’, and so will in fact thrive socially."}
{'text': "When the last edition of Pros and Conswas published (in 1999), it perhaps appeared asthough the fall of the Berlin Wall had settled this topic for most right-thinking people.But since then, numerous developments have revived an interest in investigating the fundamental acceptability of capitalism as an economic system such as the developmentof ‘Gross National Happiness’ indexes to measure welfare as more than financial; agrowing concern for capitalism’s impact on the environment; and of course, the global financial crisis. An important point to remember is that in between the two polar opposites presented here, there is a spectrum of different systems which involve partial regulation by the state of the market and the use of market forces to deliver essential governmental functions.\n\nMotion: This House believes that capitalism is a force for good in the world.\n\nAn argument against 'Capitalism v. Socialism': Rich people are not rich just because they have made choices which are more beneficial to themselves and others, but because they have been given numerous advantages which had nothing to do with their choices. Social position (and consequently education, contracts in industry, and good health) and natural attributes (like strength, intelligence and bravery) are in fact nothing but the arbitrary gifts of birth; indeed, ultimately, the propensity to work hard is not something chosen, but something we are born with. Those are not advantages that people deserve."}
{'text': "The House of Lords began as a second chamber for hereditary peers which had the power to veto bills coming to it from the House of Commons. The Parliament Act of 1911 removed the power to veto and replaced it with the power to delay a bill. This established the ultimate sovereignty of the House of Commons. In 1958, life peers were created in addition to hereditary ones. These appointments are made by the government of the day to senior representatives of politics, business and other areas of society. There are also 26 Lords Spiritual who are bishops of the Church of England. The setting up of the Supreme Court in 2009 ended the position of Law Lords (which had existed when the House of Lords was the highest court in the land). The Blair government started the process of reforming the House of Lords by removing almost all of the hereditary peers and replacing them with life peers. Tony Blair’s government, however, was divided about how to finish these reforms. Should the House of Lords eventually be fully elected, fully appointed by an independent commission or a mixture of the two? This article looks at the arguments for a fully elected versus a fully appointed chamber. There is also a related debate about whether to abolish the second chamber completely.\n\nMotion: This House would elect the Second Chamber.\n\nAn argument for 'House of Lords, elected v. appointed': An elected House of Lords would also be more accountable as the members would be representing constituents. This gives a voice to the public, whereas an appointed peer only has to represent their own views. Why should their voice count more than anybody else’s? And why should the public have no mechanism to remove that peer if they disagree with the views espoused? If there is a link between the Lords and the public, then you have a more participative democracy."}
{'text': "Vegetarianism has always been an alternative lifestyle that has been practised by some proponents of animal rights, by a faction of the health-conscious and by some religions. In recent years, however, it has taken on an environmental dimension with some green campaigners saying that widespread vegetarianism could be crucial to the planet’s future.It is unlikely that this debate would call for a law banning the eating of meat; rather, it should debate the practical and moral advantages and disadvantages of the lifestyle choice. See the introduction to the debate on ‘animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of ’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘animal rights’ (Section A) for an overview on the issues of animal welfare.\n\nMotion: This House believes that meat is murder.\n\nAn argument for 'Vegetarianism': There is no need for meat in a balanced diet. All sorts of fruits, vegetables and pulses provide the variety of carbohydrates, proteins, fibre, minerals and vitamins that we need. Our closest animal relatives – the apes – have all-vegetarian diets. It has been suggested that this is our natural diet too. Meat consumption has been linked to high blood pressure, high cholesterol, heart disease and some cancers. In addition, almost all of the worst forms of food poisoning are transmitted from meat (E. coli, BSE, salmonella). Vegetarian diets are often lower in fat and healthier all round."}
{'text': "Some countries, such as Australia, fund their political parties through tax payers’ money.Other countries, including the UK, require their political parties to fundraise to meet their costs. Which system is fairer and more democratic? The different models for state funding are complex, but it may be worth a Proposition team giving some details about the system they would use as it can affect the arguments. It is possible, however, to have the debate in principle and this article looks at the arguments as they work across various models. There is an interesting related debate on capping campaign expenditure which also seeks to create a more transparent political system.\n\nMotion: This House supports state funding of politicalparties.\n\nAn argument for 'State funding of political parties': State funding of political parties reduces public cynicism about politics as it leads to a fairer and more transparent system. The public find it hard to trust in politicians who they believe can be bought."}
{'text': "Private schools are those that receive no funding from the state and are instead usually financed through parental fees. They are sometimes called ‘independent schools’ and, confusingly, in the UK they are often referred to as ‘public schools’, whereas most of the world would use that term to describe state schools. Opponents of private schools usually point to the inequality that they believe the schools perpetuate in society, whereas supporters argue that parents should be able to spend their money how they wish.\n\nMotion: This House would pay for its education.\n\nAn argument for 'Private schools': Freedom of choice is a fundamental principle of our democratic, capitalist society. If parents can afford to send their child to a private school, and wish to do so, why should any restrictions be put on that choice? We are, after all, allowed to buy the best car or the best stereo equipment if we have the money."}
{'text': "Many countries have minority, indigenous languages spoken within their borders (for example, the Basque language in France and Spain, or Welsh in the UK). There is a debate that can be had about the principle of protecting these languages, or you could look at specific policies such as broad casting quotas or compulsory teaching in schools. There is also a related issue of protecting the purity of a country’s dominant language (for example, protecting the French language from the influence of English).\n\nMotion: This House believes that the state should protectindigenous languages.\n\nAn argument against 'Indigenous languages, protection of': Cultural practices, including languages, evolve. A dominant language may emerge, but it will have taken on features of the indigenous languages it has encountered and been enriched by them. The resulting ‘soup’ can be claimed and celebrated by all."}
{'text': "Unlike the ‘justifiability of terrorism debate’, this debate does become more definitional. That is because there are some terrorist groups with whom negotiation seems almost inevitable (Hamas, for instance, is also the elected Palestinian government), but others with whom it seems absurd (Al-Qaeda does not have a set of well-defined aims that lend themselves to a sensible compromise, but demands a restoration of Islamic law stretching from Spain to China).This debate, therefore, rests on the ability of both sides to move away from reductive examples and focus on the general principles of the debate, rather than simply trading case studies.\n\nMotion: This House would negotiate with terrorists.\n\nAn argument against 'Terrorists, negotiation with': Keeping an open dialogue with terrorist groups gives them political legitimacy that they do not deserve. It is better to have no relationship what soever with them until they renounce violence, in order to show that they are voluntarily excluding themselves from democracy."}
{'text': "Like the future of healthcare and unemployment benefits, this issue is made particularly topical by the rapidly escalating costs to developed countries of old-age entitlements(pensions and free medical care). As life expectancy increases, the average age of the population is growing, and in the twenty-first century, many more retired citizens will be supported by many fewer taxpayers. It has been said that a society can be judged by how it looks after its oldest members, but can a state sustain a universal pension scheme or should we be made (or left to choose) to invest in private pension schemes or investments to secure our own future?\n\nMotion: This House would privatise the pension system.\n\nAn argument for 'State pensions, ending provision of': Although civilised societies should provide for their citizens in old age, it does not follow that governments must be involved.Private pension schemes could ensure that everyone planned for and funded his orher own retirement income, reducing the burden on the state and its taxpayers."}
{'text': "The arguments below consider the general arguments for equalising the status of menand women in sport. You may debate this issue in principle or a motion may specifically ask you to look at equalising airtime, prizes or salaries. In all areas, the debate asks whether the market should be allowed to dictate terms or whether intervention is needed to produce equality.\n\nMotion: This House believes that men’s and women’ssports should be given equal airtime.\n\nAn argument for 'Sport, equalise status of men and women in': Men’s sport has had a head start in attracting a following. The current bias in reporting exacerbates this by giving less exposure and profile to women’s sport. Many people assume that women’s sports such as cricket or football are dull or slow without having seen them. If the media gave more attention to women’s sports, then the fan base would follow. This can be seen with women’s tennis which attracts large audiences."}
{'text': "An extremist political party could come from the extremes of the political left, but at present the most prominent are on the far right. Many European countries, such as the Netherlands, have seen a rise in support for far-right parties. Is the correct response to this to ban them? Can the restriction of democracy be justified by the harm these parties cause? A Proposition team may wish to consider how they define ‘extremism’ and who would make the ultimate decisions about which parties to ban.\n\nMotion: This House would ban extremist political parties.\n\nAn argument against 'Extremist political parties, banning of': Everyone has the right to freedom of speech. People may feel offended by the rhetoric of the far right, but a democracy should be tolerant of their views. Many countries have laws preventing the spread of racial hatred and political parties have to stay within these limits. This is a better way of controlling hate speech than banning the parties outright."}
{'text': "This debate looks at whether the government should intervene to stop the social and health problems related to alcohol, or whether people should be allowed to make their own decisions in relation to drinking. A Proposition team may want to think about the enforcement and penalties attached to the policy as most people are familiar with the failure of Prohibition in the USA.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all alcoholic drinks.\n\nAn argument for 'Alcohol, prohibition of': As well as posing a risk to others, alcohol also harms the user, increasing the likelihood of liver failure, some forms of cancer and involvement in accidents. Alcohol is also linked to high blood pressure, strokes and heart disease. Alcohol abuse can also have serious psychological effects. It is a common misconception that alcohol is not physiologically addictive, but regular use can result in a physical dependence, with all the problems that implies. As an addict cannot truly be said to be exercising ‘free choice’, the state has an even stronger right to intervene."}
{'text': "When the last edition of Pros and Conswas published (in 1999), it perhaps appeared asthough the fall of the Berlin Wall had settled this topic for most right-thinking people.But since then, numerous developments have revived an interest in investigating the fundamental acceptability of capitalism as an economic system such as the developmentof ‘Gross National Happiness’ indexes to measure welfare as more than financial; agrowing concern for capitalism’s impact on the environment; and of course, the global financial crisis. An important point to remember is that in between the two polar opposites presented here, there is a spectrum of different systems which involve partial regulation by the state of the market and the use of market forces to deliver essential governmental functions.\n\nMotion: This House believes that capitalism is a force for good in the world.\n\nAn argument for 'Capitalism v. Socialism': The socialist system encourages a sense of entitlement and welfare dependency. A capitalist system encourages enterprise and progress. People see that hard work and ingenuity are rewarded and thus they are motivated. In a socialist system where the state provides for all, there is no motivation to work hard, and the elimination of the market halts the processes of competition and selection."}
{'text': "This debate looks at the harms and the benefits of immigration and is a very emotive subject in many countries. Levels of immigration vary greatly from country to country and the models used differ vastly, so the clearest debates will probably focus on one country or will look at the principle that immigration does more harm than good. It may make more sense within a particular jurisdiction to debate relaxing the immigration laws. These arguments are focused on economic migration with an assumption that a country will fulfil its duty to take asylum seekers.\n\nMotion: This House would shut the door to immigrants.\n\nAn argument against 'Immigration, limitation of': Immigrants can make their own decisions about whether they benefit from immigration and if they decide they do not, then they are free to leave. Most do not as they find in their new home a better standard of living, more freedom, more opportunities and ways to support their families."}
{'text': "The Proposition team needs to define what it means by ‘national service’. In post-war Britain, in several continental European countries and in Israel today, national service means military service with one of the armed forces. This is a valid debate, but other forms of national service could be considered: public service on environmental projects, working with the homeless, people with disabilities, those who are underprivileged, and so on. A choice between the two could be offered. Other issues should be considered: at what age should it be compulsory (pre-or post-university, or should there be a choice)? How long should it last? Should it be for men and women, as it is in Israel, or for men only as in countries such as Turkey and Singapore? Most of the key arguments,however, remain the same which ever model is chosen: do the benefits of national service to the individual and society justify the compulsion? Germany, Italy and France have all abandoned national service in recent years, but other countries are debating its reintroduction.\n\nMotion: This House supports national service.\n\nAn argument against 'National service, (re-)introduction of': National service could easily be used for propaganda, not celebrating differences but seeking to eradicate them; the armed forces do not have a strong reputation for political correctness. Compulsory patriotism is questionable and may be misused by politicians."}
{'text': "The ‘tabloid’ press has a particular reputation for relishing the details of the private lives of public figures. The death in Paris in a car crash of Diana, Princess of Wales in 1997 refuelled calls for restrictions on the paparazzi (press photographers) from whom she and Dodi Al Fayed had been fleeing. In 2012, The News of the World was shut down after it emerged that its journalists had been hacking the phones of some politicians and celebrities. The private lives (and particularly the sex lives) of politicians, actors, singers and sports personalities are constantly subjected to media scrutiny. In France, the media respect privacy much more. Is it fair that every aspect of the lives of public figures and celebrities should become public property, or should something be done to protect these figures’ privacy? The arguments vary slightly if the debate is narrowed to just politicians or just celebrities. The debate may be argued in principle, or the definition may specify a privacy law, self-regulation or an independent regulatory body.\n\nMotion: This House believes that public figures have aright to private lives.\n\nAn argument against 'Privacy of public figures': The Internet and the profusion of individual bloggers and tweeters have meant that giving public figures protection in the media is meaningless. In 2012, the UK press may not have published topless pictures of the Duchess of Cambridge, but the pictures were online for everyone to see. When Manchester United footballer Ryan Giggs took out an injunction to stop details of his affair being reported, it did not stop the Internet from reporting it and so created a ludicrous two-tier system."}
{'text': "See the introduction to the debate on ‘animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of ’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘animal rights’ (Section A). The conditions of animals in captivity vary hugely around the world. If the debate is set in your own country, you will need to consider the specific treatment of the animals. The definition could also include or exclude safari parks, where the animals roam around an open area that visitors drive through, rather than living in cages.\n\nMotion: This House would free the animals.\n\nAn argument for 'Zoos, abolition of': Few zoos approach satisfactory standards of care for their animals. Many make no attempt to do so, such as ‘roadside’ zoos or menageries, where the primary purpose of the animals is to attract customers to another facility such as a restaurant, store or hotel. There is no educational benefit to these zoos."}
{'text': "The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons limits the possession of nuclear weapons to the five permanent members of the UN Security Council: the USA, the UK, France, Russia and China. When it was signed in 1968, they were the only nuclear-armed nations, but since then, India, Pakistan and North Korea have openly joined the nuclear club. All are outside the NPT, as is Israel, which is widely accepted to have nuclear weapons in spite of official denials. Iran has also attempted to join the nuclear club, and states including Libya and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) have made much more preliminary attempts to do so, while South Africa remains the only state to have voluntarily given up its nuclear weapons. This debate is principally about the moral question of whether any such right exists, but it is also partly about the merits of acknowledging it in international law.\n\nMotion: This House believes that every state has a rightto a nuclear weapon.\n\nAn argument for 'Nuclear weapons, right to possess': Acknowledging a right to possess nuclear weapons allows for the establishment of a proper system of regulation and tracking; for instance, states could sign up to regular International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspections, and register all their weapons, both to ensure high safety standards and to make sure that they would never fall into the hands of terrorists or criminal gangs, and that if they did, it would be easier to get them back. At the moment, the large number of nuclear weapons outside state control is a cause for huge concern."}
{'text': "In one sense, Marxism refers to the array of beliefs held by German philosopher and social critic Karl Marx, the intellectual founding father of communism. But as time has passed, clearly Marxist ideas have been put to a variety of different uses, many with obvious regrettable consequences (such as Soviet oppression).This debate should focuson retaining the core ideas of a Marxist theory, without simply harping on about the failures of certain past attempts to put them into practice. Another important point is that there are many sensible alternatives to Marxism that are themselves very different;this topic presumes that Marxism is being compared with a broadly egalitarian distribution of wealth favoured by philosophers such as John Rawls, who argued that we should only accept inequalities in so far as they benefit the least well-off in society. Marxism, however, favours a much more radical restructuring of society that goes well beyond redistributive taxation.\n\nMotion: This House believes that workers of the worldshould unite.\n\nAn argument for 'Marxism': The central tenet of Marxism is that the core of politics is class struggle; weshould not accept redistributions of income that ultimately leave the central structures of the class system intact, and allow the rich access to large amounts of political power, as well as control of top jobs. Instead, we should move towards communal models of ownership where all such inequalities are abolished."}
{'text': "University education is very expensive and there are a number of models for funding it. Some countries such as Germany, France and Sweden fund it fully through taxation and it is free to the students. Other countries such as the USA, Australia and England expect students to pay some or all of the fees. There may be loans available so that the students do not have to pay the fees until they are earning, and there may be exemptions for the poorest students. Another option is a graduate tax to raise money for higher education funding. It is not essential for the Opposition team to put forward a model of how they would make students pay, but they may choose to, to clarify the terms of the debate.\n\nMotion: This House believes in free university education.\n\nAn argument against 'University education, free for all': It is right to follow the principle that the consumer pays. It is the students themselves who benefit most directly from their university education – earning as much as 50 per cent more, on average, than a non-graduate in later life. It is therefore they themselves who should pay for their university fees. Why should cleaners or bus drivers who never went to university themselves pay for those who do? A majority of university students come from more affluent backgrounds,while most taxpayers are poorer; clearly it is inequitable to make them pay."}
{'text': "Like the future of healthcare and unemployment benefits, this issue is made particularly topical by the rapidly escalating costs to developed countries of old-age entitlements(pensions and free medical care). As life expectancy increases, the average age of the population is growing, and in the twenty-first century, many more retired citizens will be supported by many fewer taxpayers. It has been said that a society can be judged by how it looks after its oldest members, but can a state sustain a universal pension scheme or should we be made (or left to choose) to invest in private pension schemes or investments to secure our own future?\n\nMotion: This House would privatise the pension system.\n\nAn argument for 'State pensions, ending provision of': Government bureaucracies seldom provide services as efficiently as their private counterparts. A better system would be to force citizens to invest in pension plans, but with considerable freedom as to how this is done. This system is successful in Chile, and personal and corporate pension schemes are still in existence every-where. The skill of investment managers to guarantee returns is likely to provide higher pensions than the government can."}
{'text': "A useful tool in child-rearing or an outdated act of barbarism? Smacking continues to be controversial. It is banned outright in some countries such as New Zealand and much of Europe. Others restrict it to certain ages (in Canada, it is illegal to smack a child under the age of 3 or over the age of 11). Many countries, including the UK, define and legalise ‘reasonable chastisement’, but place limits such as forbidding smacking to the head or with an object. In the UK, if there is a bruise or cut after smacking, the perpetrator can be imprisoned for up to five years.\n\nMotion: This House would ban smacking.\n\nAn argument against 'Smacking, remove parents’ right to': It is possible for the law to distinguish between ‘reasonable chastisement’ and child abuse and the latter must be punished. However, the existence of bad parents does not mean that the majority of good parents should be denied the right to raise their children as they see fit. The number of parents who have used smacking to produce well-raised children testifies to the usefulness of the punishment."}
{'text': "Juries are an integral part of the criminal justice system in most ‘common law” countries, such as the UK, the USA and Australia, but are totally alien in ‘civil law’ systems like France and Germany. They were abolished in South Africa in 1969 as the apartheid government did not want black jurors sitting in judgement on their peers. In some cases, jurors may also sit in non-criminal claims cases; in the USA, juries sit in personal injury or medical negligence cases, which has led to very high pay-outs in those trials. Similar worries have emerged in the UK where juries occasionally sit in libel claims cases, and often tend to give huge pay-outs for damage to reputation which are even larger than those for physical harm.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish jury trials.\n\nAn argument against 'Jury trials, abolition of': There is already the appeals process to deal with cases where judges have misdirected the jury. And expert panels would be inclined towards the opposite danger – trusting too much to their own ability at legal interpretation and tending,arrogantly, to ignore the judge’s direction as inferior to their own analysis."}
{'text': "The United Nations, by Chapter 7 of its Charter, gives the Security Council the task of identifying all threats to and breaches of global peace and acting accordingly to end them, but it is still entirely dependent on the co-operation of states with its interventions and peacekeeping missions to do so. This debate instead proposes that the UN should recruit a permanent standing army, which would be able to respond quickly to potential atrocities and threats to peace. There are some practical problems with this idea, but what is even less clear is who would run such a body; the Proposition team must make a definitional choice as to whether the Security Council, General Assembly or the Secretary-General would ultimately command it.\n\nMotion: This House would give the UN a standing army.\n\nAn argument for 'United Nations standing army': The types of intervention that the UN makes are highly specialised, as peace-keeping is a difficult and complex task.Normal military forces train for pitched battles, not for counter-terrorism operations, disarmament or aid delivery. By creating a permanent force for these tasks, we massively increase the UN’s operational effectiveness."}
{'text': "Many education systems in the world use some form of examinations as part of their assessment of school children. In the UK in 2013, teenagers are examined at 16 years for their GCSEs, at 17 for their AS levels and 18 for their A2 levels, and many people think this represents too much testing. Some school systems use examinations once at the end of high school. Other countries such as the USA use a system of grade point averages (GPA) or course work which rewards a child’s performance over time. Is an examination a good way of capturing a pupil’s knowledge and understanding, or does ongoing assessment and intelligence tests of aptitude provide a fairer view of attainment and intelligence?\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the A-level.\n\nAn argument for 'Examinations, abolition of': Public exams (e.g. International Baccalaureate,A-levels) are set outside the school by examination boards, not by the teachers who are familiar with the students. This means one of two things. Either the pupils will find that the exams bear little relation to the course they have been studying, which can cause disillusionment and surprisingly poor results; or the teachers must anticipate the exams so carefully that they are enslaved to the curriculum, without the ability to adjust their syllabus to the needs of their classes.Creativity and initiative from the teachers are lost."}
{'text': "Most legal systems that allow local communities to play a prominent role in sentencing limit this right to relatively cohesive and isolated indigenous or religious communities, but there is no reason in principle that this must be so. A crucial distinction is made between setting the law, conducting the trial to see if a suspect is guilty, and then sentencing; these debates only allow the local community in at the final stage, while retaining the state’s power to set the law and ad minister it. However, there are profound implications in those areas as well. The most prominent example is ‘sentencing circles’ in Australia and Canada, where judges sit with indigenous elders to determine sentences and explain them to both offender and victim. Such circles often take into account different considerations from normal courts focusing on healing and restoring the community rather than a strict emphasis on retribution.\n\nMotion: This House believes that criminals should besentenced in their communities rather thanin the courts.\n\nAn argument against 'Community sentencing': Such sentencing powers actually risk doing significant damage to cohesion within these communities, as it is far from clear who is to control these sentencing powers, or how they will do so. If it is elected leaders in these communities, then those elections will become vastly more intense, and may spill over into violence. But more dangerous still is the possibility that decisions will be made on familial or patrimonial lines, based on traditional connections, rather than as a fair reflection of the group’s beliefs."}
{'text': "Britain is one of the oldest surviving hereditary monarchies. Several other European countries are monarchies (Denmark, Sweden, Norway, the Netherlands and Spain) along with other countries around the world such as Morocco and Lesotho in Africa and Bhutan in Asia. Arab sheikhs and the Japanese emperor are also examples of hereditary rulers. Historically, a partially elected parliament was seen as a mechanism to check the power of the monarch. As centuries passed, more and more real power passed to parliaments and away from monarchs, in some cases through violent revolution (as in France and Russia). In other cases, such as Britain or the Netherlands, the process was more gradual and the monarch has simply been left with only ceremonial duties and nominal powers. Is there any point in maintaining this institution or is an elected president the only appropriate head of state in the modern world? The arguments below use examples from the British monarchy, but can be replaced with details of the particular monarch or with multiple examples if necessary.\n\nMotion: This House would elect its head of state.\n\nAn argument against 'Monarchy, abolition of': The system of a constitutional monarch offers the perfect balance; they do not interfere with the sovereignty of parliament, but there is an ultimate check there if it were needed in extreme circumstances. Other heads of state would expect more power and this would weaken parliament."}
{'text': "Many football matches have been marred in recent years by the violent or abusive behaviour of the fans. This has included mass rioting as in the Juventus v. Liverpool European Cup Final in 1985. More often the behaviour manifests itself in the throwing of objects at players, or insulting players because of their racial/ethnic background. Nowadays, CCTV may bring the perpetrators to justice, but there is a feeling that since the club is a community, the team should also face the consequences.\n\nMotion: This House would punish sports teams for thebehaviour of their fans.\n\nAn argument against 'Sports teams punished for the behaviour of fans': This is exceptionally unfair. A team cannot control their fans’ behaviour and yet their hard work is overturned by the actions of others. Sporting results should be based on sporting skill and nothing else. It is also open to abuse. How do you know if someone is really a fan or trying to sabotage a team?"}
{'text': "The Commonwealth of Nations (or ‘The British Commonwealth’ until 1949) is a voluntary association of 54 nations (as of 2013) – each (except Mozambique and Rwanda) having once been a colony, protectorate or dependency of Britain, or of another Commonwealth country. In 1991, the Commonwealth Heads of Government issued the Harare Commonwealth Declaration stating the principles and purpose of the Commonwealth – co-operation in pursuit of world peace, commitment to the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights, opposition to all forms of racial oppression, commitment to the removal of disparities in living standards among member nations, equal rights for women, the rule of law and democratic government. In recent years, Nigeria, Pakistan, Zimbabwe and Fiji have all been suspended – one of the Commonwealth’s strongest sanctions – over military coups. Additionally, newly independent or only semi-recognised states, such as the Republic of South Sudan and Somaliland, have applied to join, welcoming the Commonwealth’s support and stamp of approval.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the Commonwealth.\n\nAn argument for 'Commonwealth, abolition of the': The Commonwealth is founded upon an outdated and oppressive colonial system. Now that the European empires have been dismantled, we should base international co-operation on truly international foundations, not on the imperial maps of the past. The Commonwealth fosters neo-colonialism and blinds its members to non-English-speaking culture. If there is a need for an international talking shop and network of trade and technical support for developing nations, it should be truly global, not based on the historic British empire, with the present British monarch as its head."}
{'text': "Many countries subsidise the arts to some degree. The French, for example, subsidise their film industry; the Indian government gives money to dance, music and drama; and the British government, through the Arts Council, has supported arts projects, some of which have invited controversy. In contrast, the USA gives very little support to artists, but does fund free access to national art galleries. The arguments vary slightly in the debate, depending on whether you are talking about giving the money towards the creation or the consumption of the arts, but most definitions will cover both.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish state funding of the arts.\n\nAn argument against 'Arts funding by the state, abolition of': It is very simplistic to see benefit only in material goods such as textbooks and medicines. Civilised societies need moral and mental education and healing as much as they require educational and medical equipment. Artists (poets, painters, actors, comedians, sculptors, musicians, film-makers) provide unique moral insights and function as irreplaceable critics of society and politics (a cross between academics and jesters). A society without arts would be soulless and blind. Investing in a thriving arts scene can ultimately repay dividends as tourists visit cultural attractions and the economy benefits."}
{'text': "The actual act of prostitution – exchanging sex for money – is legal in many countries, although other practices associated with it are not. In Britain, for example, solicitation (i.e. negotiating with potential customers), advertising, ‘curb-crawling’ or running brothels (where two or more prostitutes work) are all illegal, while prostitution itself is not. In the USA, it is a misdemeanour, except in parts of Nevada. But that is not to say that Britain encourages prostitution – the act is legal because it happens behind closed doors and any law against it is unenforceable. This debate is therefore about the principle of tolerating open prostitution. A Proposition team may want to clarify whether they would legalise all practices related to prostitution, or whether they would have a more regulated system such as licensed brothels.\n\nMotion: This House would lift all restrictions onprostitution.\n\nAn argument for 'Prostitution, legalisation of': The stigma attached to prostitution a sit stands is immense, and a woman with one conviction becomes unemployable and is trapped into a life of crime. This stigma would recede with legalisation, as it did in France until the Second World War, when it was common and tolerated for girls to work in brothels for a few years,saving up for marriage dowries."}
{'text': "The censorship of music could cover lyrics containing expletive words, racism and misogyny, espousing or glorifying violence, using explicit sexual imagery, condoning drug use or any other such messages which support illegal behaviour. Rap and hip-hop in particular have been accused of spreading social problems through their lyrics, but all kinds of music could be targeted by this policy. Should freedom of artistic expression be absolute, or should the government intervene in the name of protecting all its citizens from violence and discrimination?\n\nMotion: This House would censor music lyrics.\n\nAn argument for 'Music lyrics, censorship of': It is very difficult to keep children from listening to music, available as it is on the radio, TV and Internet. Children are particularly susceptible to being affected by the negative messages that are being sent.The Columbine High School massacre (2004) has been linked to the violent rock music that the perpetrators listened to."}
{'text': "The arguments below assume a motion on the introduction of compulsory identity cards.A debate on voluntary identity cards is possible, and the last set of points addresses this. A Proposition team can clarify the debate by defining what information would be held on the card, whether it would be compulsory, and if so, what the penalties would be for failing to have one. Many countries including Belgium, Germany, South Korea and Pakistan issue compulsory ID cards. Others such as Italy, Japan and Canada have systems of voluntary ID cards while the UK, Denmark and Australia among others have no national schemes.\n\nMotion: This House would introduce a national identity card.\n\nAn argument against 'National identity cards': Countries such as the UK, Australia and Denmark value their liberties highly and are wary of any attempts to undermine them, which is why they have resisted ID cards. National identity cards would allow a considerable degree of police harassment in the name of enforcing the policy, probably targeted at minority groups who are already more likely to be stopped on suspicion of motoring and other offences. This harassment is a particular problem in France with the immigrant population. Relations between minority groups and police would only grow worse."}
{'text': "This debate looks at the harms and the benefits of immigration and is a very emotive subject in many countries. Levels of immigration vary greatly from country to country and the models used differ vastly, so the clearest debates will probably focus on one country or will look at the principle that immigration does more harm than good. It may make more sense within a particular jurisdiction to debate relaxing the immigration laws. These arguments are focused on economic migration with an assumption that a country will fulfil its duty to take asylum seekers.\n\nMotion: This House would shut the door to immigrants.\n\nAn argument against 'Immigration, limitation of': Immigration leads to the economic growth of a country and all citizens share the benefits of this. Many Western countries have age ing populations and need young immigrants to balance out their demographics. Often immigrants are doing work which others do not wish to do, or they may be filling skills gaps within a country. Everybody should be grateful to the doctors and teachers who immigrate to their countries and keep their services running."}
{'text': "Boxing is a combat sport where two people fight by throwing punches with gloved hands. It originated in Ancient Greece and is an Olympic sport. It is a popular sport in many countries today, but it has many opponents who believe that it is barbaric and that the harm done to the boxers themselves and to society as a whole merits a ban. The arguments in this debate broadly apply to other contact sports (or ‘collision’ sports in some terminology) such as some martial arts or rugby.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish contact sports.\n\nAn argument for 'Boxing, banning of': Boxing should be banned in order to protect individuals from serious physical injury and death. Boxers have died from injuries they have received in the ring (e.g.the Cuban boxer Benny Paret in the 1960s). Many others have received debilitating, non-fatal injuries. Young people are introduced to these sports at an impressionable age when they may not be old enough to make decisions based on all the relevant facts – there is also great peerpressure to be ‘hard’ and take part in boxing, and a promise of huge fame and riches if you are successful. A ban is the only way to ensure that young people inparticular are protected from the dangers involved."}
{'text': "It is a tribute to the speed of the rise of the online social network that, when this book’s last edition was published in 1999, it is arguable that not a single social network existed. Early context-specific social networks like Friends Reunited and Classmates emerged in 2000, followed by more general ones such as Myspace, Bebo and Friendster in 2002 and 2003. But perhaps equally telling is that a teenager using Facebook today may wellnot even have heard of the above, let alone used them, because Facebook and Twitter, founded in 2004 and 2006 respectively, have swept through all competition, and become the all-consuming means of online communication. This debate understandably focuses on them.\n\nMotion: This House believes that social networking hasmade us better off.\n\nAn argument for 'Social networking has improved our lives': Social networking allows unprecedented ability to communicate at highspeed in many different forms, across huge distances. The ability to contact friends on the other side of the world allows for the maintenance of cross-border friendships,while the flexibility of communication is a huge advantage; ‘Events’ allow us to organise parties, while ‘Groups’ allow us to create communities for a specific purpose,in a much easier way than anything we have seen before."}
{'text': "This debate looks at the harms and the benefits of immigration and is a very emotive subject in many countries. Levels of immigration vary greatly from country to country and the models used differ vastly, so the clearest debates will probably focus on one country or will look at the principle that immigration does more harm than good. It may make more sense within a particular jurisdiction to debate relaxing the immigration laws. These arguments are focused on economic migration with an assumption that a country will fulfil its duty to take asylum seekers.\n\nMotion: This House would shut the door to immigrants.\n\nAn argument against 'Immigration, limitation of': We need to tackle prejudice, rather than immigration itself. Political parties should not target immigration for easy votes and the media should be responsible in their coverage of the issue. If the government focuses on improving public services, keeping employment levels high and the streets safe, then people will not need a scapegoat. Many citizens are themselves the descendants of immigrants and are now fully integrated and accepted. There is no reason why perceptions should not be altered."}
{'text': "There have been numerous global attempts to agree on limits to greenhouse gas emissions, but thus far, nothing on the global scale has succeeded; the Kyoto Protocol was rejected by the USA, withdrawn from by Canada, and had not imposed binding targets on the developing world anyway. The closest thing to a serious intercountry accord was the European Union’s cap-and-trade scheme, but that was largely disastrous, with limits set too high to be effective. This debate represents a radical departure from existing practice, to impose internationally binding obligations that require immediate action.\n\nMotion: This House supports internationally bindingemission targets for all countries.\n\nAn argument for 'Global warming, binding emission targets for': When the potential harm is so great, we cannot sit around waiting for ‘certainty’. Putting economics ahead of the environment will mean that some countries cease to exist – presumably the worst economic scenario for any nation. The environment is fundamental to the flourishing of life from the most basic to the most prosperous and must be our number one priority. Also, pollution controls have many beneficial side-effects–improving the quality of life for people choking in polluted cities and encouraging energy conservation rather than consumption."}
{'text': "Racial profiling refers to the policing policy of focusing efforts in crime prevention on particular minority groups who are thought to be involved more often in certain types of crime. The policy is not about acting on specific pieces of intelligence (‘There is a suspect, who is 6 foot 3 and Afro-Caribbean’), but about a more general approach to the use of stop-and-search powers, extra checks at airports and so on. Clearly, which minorities are targeted is a contextual factor; if seeking to prevent Islamic terrorism, it will probably involve searching South Asian men more often at airports, but if concerned about gun crime in inner-city Baltimore, it will focus on young male African Americans\n\nMotion: This House would use racial profiling in the waron terror.\n\nAn argument for 'Racial profiling': This policy will catch criminals. Too often, gangs are based on race; in New York, for instance, many gangs divide along the lines of the African countries from which they first migrated. This makes it easy to identify specific types of crime, and catch the potential perpetrators and prevent them."}
{'text': "Currently it is illegal to enforce a mandatory retirement age in many countries including Canada, the UK and Australia, on grounds of age discrimination. But should public sector employers be given a mandatory retirement age, perhaps of 65 or 70? Should that be extended to private companies as well? The debate could be held for all public sector workers or it could either be narrowed to some professions such as the judiciary, or expanded to cover private companies. It could open up into the world ofthe self-employed, or the freelance artistic community, although such a requirement would be much harder to enforce.\n\nMotion: This House calls for a mandatory retirementage.\n\nAn argument against 'Mandatory retirement age': People must not be treated like children. This legislation would be an extreme measure characteristic of an overbearing ‘nanny state’. We must let individuals decide for themselves whether they wish to devote their entire life to their job or prefer to follow other pursuits. Some people may need to keep working for financial reasons, if for example, they have not paid off their mortgages or they are still supporting children."}
{'text': "This debate addresses the question of whether we need to take any action to counteract the perceived dominance of older and more established figures in political life. It also raises the question of whether politics should be perceived as a career in itself. At presentin the UK, there is no limit to the number of terms in office that an MP can serve, whether as a back-bencher, a minister, or even as prime minister. In the USA, there is no limit for members of the House of Representatives, but an individual may only serve as president for a maximum of two terms. A definition should clarify whether the debate is only about executive positions or also about members of the legislature. It will probably also want to set the number of terms and whether the limits are consecutive or lifetime.\n\nMotion: This House would limit the term of politicians.\n\nAn argument against 'Term limits for politicians': It is ageist to assume that younger politicians will be more dynamic and talented, and it is foolish to throw away the experience and skills of older politicians. Ina system where politicians are under unprecedented pressure both from the executive and from lobbyists, inexperienced novices are ill-equipped to cope. Experienced legislators benefit both their constituents and parliament. Term limits would effectively abolish the experienced politician at a considerable loss to the nation. Even more power would then be concentrated in the hands of unelected civil servants and functionaries. This is particularly a cute at times of crisis where continuity can be valuable. It is down to the political parties to select their candidates, and down to them to decide whether to value youth over experience or vice versa. This is not a decision that should be forced upon them by legislation."}
{'text': "The norms for school dress code vary around the world from a strict uniform through dress codes to no, or very few, restrictions on clothing. This is usually a debate that school pupils themselves have very strong opinions on. A definition may want to address the age range it is targeting, and the anti-uniform side could clarify how free it wants dress to be.\n\nMotion: This House believes school uniforms are a good idea.\n\nAn argument against 'School uniform': Many schools do not have uniforms, while still demanding certain standards of dress, such as banning jeans, or requiring long skirts while allowing a choice of colour. There is no reason why pupils not wearing uniform cannot still be smart. When pupils reach a certain age, they are old enough to behave responsibly while still making their own decisions, and this is what schools should be encouraging rather than a blind following of the rules. Why should they not be able to choose how to dress?"}
{'text': "Some countries, including Britain, provide free nursery or kindergarten education for one or two years before the start of school. But is this a good use of state funding? Should children be left to play at this age, or can these years be the foundation of success in education?\n\nMotion: This House believes that nursery education is aright, not a privilege.\n\nAn argument for 'Nursery education, free provision of by the state': Developmental psychology has demonstrated how crucial the early education of children is for their later progress. In other words, science has shown that nursery education should be a priority for any government. Many more doors are closed in the long term by a lack of education and stimulation at an early age than by the lack of free degree-level education. Specially trained nursery school teachers are needed to help to fully realise the development potential of all pre-school children, since most parents are not well equipped or trained to do this entirely by themselves. If a child has slipped behind in language development by the time they reach school, studies have shown that they are likely to continue to struggle with literacy throughout their education. This also means they will need costly interventions later on."}
{'text': "Debates about organ donation fall into two categories: those about how to increase the overall size of the donor pool, to reduce scarcity of organs; and those about how to allocate scarce organs. While the former are more common, the latter are also vitally important. Given that organ scarcity is not going away any time soon, we also need to think about the questions of principle and policy about how we give them out. Most states adopt a broadly similar system of allocating organs based on need, without regard to other factors, which means that patients typically have to wait until they are very ill for transplant organs. The policy proposed here is already often enforced in a minimal form; for instance, by denying liver transplants to alcoholics who have failed to stop drinking. The policy is not mutually exclusive of other systems of allocation, such as the sale of organs or prioritising those who are registered donors themselves, but gives substantially greater weight to people’s prior choices. There is also a related debate about prioritising a healthy lifestyle in other medical treatment such as changing the order on waiting lists for surgery in favour of those who follow a healthy lifestyle, or (in national health services) denying costly treatment to smokers or the obese.\n\nMotion: This House would prioritise those who havelived healthy lives when allocating organs fortransplants.\n\nAn argument against 'Organ donation: priority for healthy lifestyle': This policy will not increase the overall number of organs donated; if anything, it will reduce it. That is because it is harder to understand why people who have lived healthily for their entire lives would need organ transplants, so the PR effect of this policy is actually to reduce the perceived demand for organs, thus discouraging donation. Moreover, this policy seems like an acceptance that there will never be enough organs; that undermines the strongest arguments for new policies on donation (such as opt-out systems)."}
{'text': "This debate looks at whether the government should intervene to stop the social and health problems related to alcohol, or whether people should be allowed to make their own decisions in relation to drinking. A Proposition team may want to think about the enforcement and penalties attached to the policy as most people are familiar with the failure of Prohibition in the USA.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all alcoholic drinks.\n\nAn argument against 'Alcohol, prohibition of': Alcohol cannot be treated in the same way as other drugs. After thousands of years, drink plays an important role in our social lives, and even in religion; many of our social structures have been built up around it. Many businesses would collapse with an alcohol ban. As Prohibition in America (1920–33) demonstrated, any such legislation cannot work – instead, it drives ordinary citizens into the hands of criminals, and encourages experimentation with other drugs."}
{'text': "Private schools are those that receive no funding from the state and are instead usually financed through parental fees. They are sometimes called ‘independent schools’ and, confusingly, in the UK they are often referred to as ‘public schools’, whereas most of the world would use that term to describe state schools. Opponents of private schools usually point to the inequality that they believe the schools perpetuate in society, whereas supporters argue that parents should be able to spend their money how they wish.\n\nMotion: This House would pay for its education.\n\nAn argument for 'Private schools': Private schools have more freedom to specialise within an open market. The government may only be obsessed within specting state schools on their academic performance, but parents may choose to support a private school because of its strong artistic tradition, its child-led pastoral approach, its language of instruction or its extra support for children with dyslexia."}
{'text': "The censorship of music could cover lyrics containing expletive words, racism and misogyny, espousing or glorifying violence, using explicit sexual imagery, condoning drug use or any other such messages which support illegal behaviour. Rap and hip-hop in particular have been accused of spreading social problems through their lyrics, but all kinds of music could be targeted by this policy. Should freedom of artistic expression be absolute, or should the government intervene in the name of protecting all its citizens from violence and discrimination?\n\nMotion: This House would censor music lyrics.\n\nAn argument for 'Music lyrics, censorship of': Music artists are role models, having influence over their fans. Those listening to violent or discriminatory lyrics can be influenced in their own actions by the behaviour that their hero glorifies. Musicis not like films,TV or video games when the audience knows that it is fantasy. Musicians are themselves and are understood to be singing about their own lives. Therefore, the lifestyle that they espouse seems achievable and aspirational. Inparticular, music which glamorises gang culture can push people into joining gangs."}
{'text': "The International Criminal Court (ICC) came into being on 1 July 2002. Located in The Hague, the ICC is intended to prosecute the most important war criminals,replacing special regional tribunals for Rwanda, the former Yugoslavia and Sierra Leone that had represented the world’s first attempt at taking a strong stand against the most heinous atrocities. There are three routes by which a case can come to the court. First, if the crime took place in one of the states that are parties to the case. Second, if the accused is a national of a state that is a party to the case. Third, if it is referred by the UN Security Council. At the time of writing, of 30 people indicted by the ICC, 13 remain at large, 7 are being held before trial, 4 have been acquitted, 2 are appealing convictions, 2 are on trial, and 2 have died.\n\nMotion: This House believes that war crimes are a globalresponsibility.\n\nAn argument against 'International Criminal Court, abolition of the': Apolitical justice is a necessity in post-conflict societies, especially where national judiciaries may be perceived as biased and unfair. For example, in Kenya after the 2008 election violence, referring people on both political sides to the ICC was a key component of the peace deal."}
{'text': "The first decade of the twenty-first century has seen a heated debate within the Anglican Church about whether it should allow the ordination of openly gay clergy and bishops. The Church of England, the Episcopal Church in the USA and the Anglican Church of Canada have accepted some gay clergy and, in 2004, Gene Robinson became the first openly gay minister to be made a bishop (the Bishop of New Hampshire in the Episcopal Church). However, the Anglican Communion worldwide is split on this issue, and in 2008, there was a boycott of the Lambeth Conference, such was the strength of the schism. Those opposed believe that homosexuality is against Christian teaching and have declared themselves in a state of ‘impaired communion’ with their liberal counterparts. The arguments here focus on the Anglican Church, but can be easily adapted to apply to other faiths.\n\nMotion: This House would ordain homosexuals.\n\nAn argument for 'Homosexuals, ordination of': A large minority of the Christian community is homosexual. These gay men and lesbians need spiritual direction as much as heterosexual Christians do. It is right that there should be a significant minority of homosexual Christian ministers who can truly empathise with the needs of this portion of the Church."}
{'text': "One thing that is indisputable in all debates about organs is that there is a shortage of them in almost every country in the world; people die daily waiting for donor organs.However, as soon as we proceed to the vexed question of how to solve that problem, huge ethical and economic debates open up. Aside from compulsory organ donation, creating a trade in organs is widely seen as the most common possible method by which we could increase organ availability. There are few examples of this policy in practice; only Iran currently allows the sale of human organs, although India did until 1994 and the Philippines until 2008. The Proposition team can, though they are not required to, bite the bullet and make the ability to obtain an organ depend on the ability to pay, but more commonly, will seek to buy organs through a national health system.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise the sale of organs.\n\nAn argument for 'Organs, legal sale of': The overarching goal of any organ policy must be to increase the supply of organs. This policy achieves that by incentivising people to donate financially. It is possible either to pay people while they are still alive for certain organs (like a kidney or part of the liver) or to leave that money to their family after they are dead. Either way, that represents a real cash incentive to donate that is presently lacking."}
{'text': "The essence of the welfare state is that it provides benefits and services to everyone in a country, regardless of their ability to pay. It is founded on a belief that everyone deserves equal quality of certain essential public services, regardless of how much they earn. Objections can be both ideological (it rewards the undeserving) and practical (it provides poor outcomes). There are major definitional issues in this debate; teams should attempt to broadly agree on an expansive but imperfectly defined mass of things that the welfare state covers, ranging from schools to unemployment benefits.\n\nMotion: This House believes in the welfare state.\n\nAn argument against 'Welfare state': State welfare should be provided not as a matter of course, but only in cases of extreme need. The welfare state should function only as a safety net. Even incommunist countries and in post-war Britain, where there was great enthusiasm for these ideas, economic realities have made free welfare for all an unrealisable dream."}
{'text': "The essence of the welfare state is that it provides benefits and services to everyone in a country, regardless of their ability to pay. It is founded on a belief that everyone deserves equal quality of certain essential public services, regardless of how much they earn. Objections can be both ideological (it rewards the undeserving) and practical (it provides poor outcomes). There are major definitional issues in this debate; teams should attempt to broadly agree on an expansive but imperfectly defined mass of things that the welfare state covers, ranging from schools to unemployment benefits.\n\nMotion: This House believes in the welfare state.\n\nAn argument against 'Welfare state': It is fair that those who are hard-working and successful should be able to buy superior education and better health-care, since these are not rights, but luxuries or privileges which may be paid for. Privatisation of healthcare, education and pensions means competition on the freemarket and therefore better and cheaper services."}
{'text': "The actual act of prostitution – exchanging sex for money – is legal in many countries, although other practices associated with it are not. In Britain, for example, solicitation (i.e. negotiating with potential customers), advertising, ‘curb-crawling’ or running brothels (where two or more prostitutes work) are all illegal, while prostitution itself is not. In the USA, it is a misdemeanour, except in parts of Nevada. But that is not to say that Britain encourages prostitution – the act is legal because it happens behind closed doors and any law against it is unenforceable. This debate is therefore about the principle of tolerating open prostitution. A Proposition team may want to clarify whether they would legalise all practices related to prostitution, or whether they would have a more regulated system such as licensed brothels.\n\nMotion: This House would lift all restrictions onprostitution.\n\nAn argument for 'Prostitution, legalisation of': As has happened with New York’s sex stores and strip clubs in the late 1990s, the legalisation of brothels would allow their location to be dictated by local authorities. They could be situated in industrial areas, away from residences and from eachother, thereby avoiding the existing problem of illegal establishments spilling out into residential areas."}
{'text': "The term ‘euthanasia’, coming from the ancient Greek words meaning ‘good death’, is used to refer to voluntary rather than compulsory euthanasia. Voluntary euthanasia is when an individual asks to be given a lethal injection to put them out of pain and end his or her life. If a patient is helped to end his/her own life, then this is referred to as assisted suicide, and the arguments for or against are almost identical. Compulsory euthanasia – killing those who are terminally ill or who are above a certain age regardless of their wishes – is everywhere regarded as murder. In the Netherlands, voluntary euthanasia has been legal since 1983 and other countries have followed by legalising euthanasia or assisted suicide including Switzerland, Belgium and Luxembourg.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise voluntary euthanasia.\n\nAn argument for 'Euthanasia, legalisation of': People should be allowed to request a ‘mercy killing’ to end their suffering. Victims of cancer, AIDS or motor-neurone disease may know, in the later stages of their illness, that the only prospect for the short remainder of their life is more physical degeneration and a cute suffering. They should be allowed to die with dignity with the help of, for example, a lethal injection or an overdose of morphine from a doctor."}
{'text': "This issue could be set in many countries where there is a history of a slave trade. It is often set in the USA where the descendants of many slaves live and where there is a strong lobby for more recognition and justice for this community. It could also be run country to country (e.g. that Britain should pay reparations to Jamaica; or the West should pay reparations to Africa). It may need to be established exactly who is to pay the reparations (countries or companies, for example) and who will receive them, and how much they will be; or it may be possible to have the debate as a principle.\n\nMotion: This House supports reparations for slavery.\n\nAn argument for 'Slavery, reparations for': There is a strong symbolism in the act which shows that society has a deep regret that slavery happened and helps us to move forward. This could help to address current continuing racial divides."}
{'text': "It is hard to know precisely how widespread torture by security services is, because it is typically kept secret, since it is a clear violation of international, European and (in most states) domestic law, which governments do not want to admit to. It is often referred to by euphemisms, of which ‘enhanced interrogation’ has recently become the best known. Torture techniques vary; some countries are thought to use beatings or electric shocks to torture, but Western techniques tend to be more clinical; IRA suspects were often forced to stand in uncomfortable positions for hours on end, or subjected to light and noise torture, while the US military at Guantanamo Bay used ‘water-boarding’, wheresuspects are wrapped in cling film and have water poured on them to simulate drowning. It is hard to know exactly how much information is obtained from torture, given that it is so secret. It is also hard to deal with the problem of complicity with torture, because many security services who practise it routinely are those with whom Western intelligence must co-operate (in the Middle East and South Asia); inconsequence, even when they do not know about it directly, the CIA and MI6 will often be working from information obtained via torture.\n\nMotion: This House believes that torture is a necessaryevil.\n\nAn argument for 'Terrorist suspects, torture of': Sometimes torture is necessary to save lives. Where a terrorist possesses information that might lead to the prevention of imminent terrorist attacks, it is legitimate to violate their rights to ensure the protection of many others’ lives. This argument has two components. First, while torture is undeniably a serious invasion of someone’s bodily autonomy, that is less bad than death; thus, if just one life can be saved as a result, we should use torture. Second, because terrorist acts often have high death tolls, many lives may be saved by torturing just one person. As such, balancing the competing interests involved favours torture."}
{'text': "Many education systems in the world use some form of examinations as part of their assessment of school children. In the UK in 2013, teenagers are examined at 16 years for their GCSEs, at 17 for their AS levels and 18 for their A2 levels, and many people think this represents too much testing. Some school systems use examinations once at the end of high school. Other countries such as the USA use a system of grade point averages (GPA) or course work which rewards a child’s performance over time. Is an examination a good way of capturing a pupil’s knowledge and understanding, or does ongoing assessment and intelligence tests of aptitude provide a fairer view of attainment and intelligence?\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the A-level.\n\nAn argument against 'Examinations, abolition of': At some point, opinions must be given about students, and their own teachers are much more likely to be partial than independent examiners who know them only as candidate numbers. Examiners mark primarily for knowledge and clarity of argument rather than for conclusion. Extensive moderation and examiner meetings guarantee that all papers are marked to the same standard. Whatever form of assessment you use, grade inflation could be an issue. It is not an exam-specific problem."}
{'text': "The first decade of the twenty-first century has seen a heated debate within the Anglican Church about whether it should allow the ordination of openly gay clergy and bishops. The Church of England, the Episcopal Church in the USA and the Anglican Church of Canada have accepted some gay clergy and, in 2004, Gene Robinson became the first openly gay minister to be made a bishop (the Bishop of New Hampshire in the Episcopal Church). However, the Anglican Communion worldwide is split on this issue, and in 2008, there was a boycott of the Lambeth Conference, such was the strength of the schism. Those opposed believe that homosexuality is against Christian teaching and have declared themselves in a state of ‘impaired communion’ with their liberal counterparts. The arguments here focus on the Anglican Church, but can be easily adapted to apply to other faiths.\n\nMotion: This House would ordain homosexuals.\n\nAn argument for 'Homosexuals, ordination of': The argument that homosexual sex is wrong because it is outside the sacrament of marriage is circular. It should only remain outside the sacrament of marriage if it can be established on other grounds that homosexuality is wrong."}
{'text': "The House of Lords began as a second chamber for hereditary peers which had the power to veto bills coming to it from the House of Commons. The Parliament Act of 1911 removed the power to veto and replaced it with the power to delay a bill. This established the ultimate sovereignty of the House of Commons. In 1958, life peers were created in addition to hereditary ones. These appointments are made by the government of the day to senior representatives of politics, business and other areas of society. There are also 26 Lords Spiritual who are bishops of the Church of England. The setting up of the Supreme Court in 2009 ended the position of Law Lords (which had existed when the House of Lords was the highest court in the land). The Blair government started the process of reforming the House of Lords by removing almost all of the hereditary peers and replacing them with life peers. Tony Blair’s government, however, was divided about how to finish these reforms. Should the House of Lords eventually be fully elected, fully appointed by an independent commission or a mixture of the two? This article looks at the arguments for a fully elected versus a fully appointed chamber. There is also a related debate about whether to abolish the second chamber completely.\n\nMotion: This House would elect the Second Chamber.\n\nAn argument against 'House of Lords, elected v. appointed': The second chamber has less power than the House of Commons as it can only scrutinise, suggest amendments and delay legislation. A democratic system is not therefore required and in fact could be problematic – why should they not have an equal voice if they have been elected too? Our system is based on the sovereignty of the House of Commons and this could undermine that. Democracy is better served through allowing the supremacy of an elected chamber that is scrutinised by an appointed one."}
{'text': "Abortion was always considered sinful, and was criminalised in Britain and most states of the USA in the nineteenth century. Backstreet abortions became a usual way to limit the size of families. In Britain, the 1967 Abortion Act legalised abortion when it was advised by a doctor on medical grounds. In the USA, the Roev. Wade case of 1973 in the Supreme Court set down the principle that in the first three months, abortion is to be allowed; and in the second trimester, it is to be allowed if it is required in the interests of maternal health. In neither country is ‘abortion on demand’ – abortions undertaken principally as a form of birth-control at the wish of the pregnant woman – officially allowed, but doctors (especially those in private clinics) will happily certify that carrying the pregnancy to term would cause severe mental distress to the woman. In many Catholic countries, abortion is still illegal.\n\nMotion: This House would put the mother first.\n\nAn argument for 'Abortion on demand': If abortion is not allowed on demand, women will go to ‘backstreet abortionists’ where lack of expertise and unsterile conditions can be a serious risk to health. Such backstreet abortions result in an estimated 68,000 deaths per year, according to recent World Health Organization (WHO) figures."}
{'text': "Sanctions refer to any measures (economic, cultural or diplomatic) which target a country for specific policies or institutional structures (such as dictatorship). In the past, sanctions were applied on a broad-brush basis, to prohibit or severely limit all contact with a country (such as funnelling nearly all the money that went into Iraq through the UN Oil-for-Food programme; or the international prohibition on trade with Burma), but increasingly, those are being replaced by ‘smart sanctions’, which shut down the bank accounts and companies of specific individuals within a regime (such as the sanctions on Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwean regime), and often for a specific purpose (for instance, the prevention of Iran’s nuclear weapons programme).\n\nMotion: This House believes that sanctions do moreharm than good.\n\nAn argument against 'Sanctions, use of': To claim the moral high ground in this way is pure hypocrisy. Sanctions have invariably been used selectively, putting national interests first – despite their questionable behaviour, China and Nigeria have not been targets for heavy sanctions because they are seen as valuable strategic and economic partners. Serbia, Kenya and Cuba – which are targeted more seriously – are seen as of little value to the West. Perhaps the clearest example of this was the Oil-for-Food scheme in Iraq, which focused on maintaining the flow of oil to the West."}
{'text': "Some countries including the USA and the UK use an electoral system called ‘first past the post’ (FPTP) in some of their elections. This is where the candidate who receives the most votes wins the seat and the other votes count for nothing. Should such countries reform this system to a more proportional one where the number of seats won is more in line with the popular vote received? There are many models of proportional representation such as Single Transferable Vote or Alternative Vote. A Proposition team may wish to research these models and choose a system to support since they all have slightly different pros and cons, but the debate can also be had on the principle.\n\nMotion: This House believes in proportional representation.\n\nAn argument for 'Proportional representation': Britain and America’s current electoral system is winner-takes-all, ‘first past the post’ democracy. Whichever single candidate gains the most votes wins the constituency, and votes for the other parties are ignored, even if the winner only won by a couple of votes. Thus, parties with a slight lead in the country can get a vastly disproportionate majority in legislature. For example, in the 1997 UK general election, Labour won less than 45 per cent of the popular vote but 64 per cent of the seats in parliament. It is even possible for a government or a president to be elected with a minority of the popular vote, as happened with George W. Bush in 2000. This is undemocratic."}
{'text': "Many countries have set up DNA databases of convicted criminals. Britain has controversially included the DNA of all those suspected of a crime even if there was no conviction, but now must delete those records after two years if there has been no conviction. But should governments set up DNA databases for all their citizens? Such DNA databases could have wide-ranging uses for research, health and crime, but many think the invasion of privacy is too great. A debate could be had just about criminal databases, but this article looks at the introduction of a universal database.\n\nMotion: This House would establish a universal DNAdatabase.\n\nAn argument against 'DNA database, universal': The police can already search for the DNA of convicted criminals. Additionally, they can take samples from suspects to check. DNA is most useful in violent and sexual crimes, not many of which are committed by first-time criminals who do not know the victims. The effect of this, therefore, would be minimal and would not justify keeping the DNA of the whole population, most of whom will never commit a crime. The state should not treat its citizens as potential criminals from birth."}
{'text': "In some countries, state education is almost entirely co-educational. Other countries, like the UK, have a more diverse variety of schools, with church schools and many private schools choosing to educate girls and boys separately. Is the opposite sex a distraction from a good education or is segregation unnatural? A definition in this debate may need to specify an age range as some countries have single-sex schools only from 7, 11 or 13 and some mix genders only from 16.\n\nMotion: This House would educate boys and girlstogether.\n\nAn argument for 'Co-education': Competition between the sexes is greater than between same-sex rivals, and this competition can lead to higher standards of academic achievement, especially among boys. A classroom environment is enriched by diversity and the different views that boys and girls bring, leading to a more well-rounded education. If single-sex schools often out perform co-ed schools academically, this could be because they are usually private, grammaror religious schools which may have fewer discipline problems and a better work ethos."}
{'text': "In 1957, Sputnik 1 was put into space by the USSR, and in 1961, Yuri Gagarin became the first man in space. The Cold War was a focal point for the early years of space travel, with the USA landing on the moon in 1969. In the following years, focus has shifted towards the possibility of using space for technological and scientific advancement, with 1998 seeing the launch of the International Space Station, a joint NASA–Russian project to further develop space travel. In 1986, a stark reminder of the risks of space travel was delivered with the disaster aboard the Space Shuttle Challenger, in which seven astronauts perished, resulting in the USA grounding its shuttle fleet for two-and-a-half years.\n\nMotion: This House would increase funding for spaceexploration.\n\nAn argument against 'Space exploration': Satellites are not really examples of space exploration technology. They would have been discovered without exploring space per se. They are essentially examples of terrestrial technology developed for purely terrestrial purposes."}
{'text': "Some countries including the USA and the UK use an electoral system called ‘first past the post’ (FPTP) in some of their elections. This is where the candidate who receives the most votes wins the seat and the other votes count for nothing. Should such countries reform this system to a more proportional one where the number of seats won is more in line with the popular vote received? There are many models of proportional representation such as Single Transferable Vote or Alternative Vote. A Proposition team may wish to research these models and choose a system to support since they all have slightly different pros and cons, but the debate can also be had on the principle.\n\nMotion: This House believes in proportional representation.\n\nAn argument against 'Proportional representation': Many of the systems proposed are hugely complex. If the public does not understand the political system, then results can seem arbitrary and accountability is lost. The uncertainty and confusion this creates can cause disillusionment with the democratic process. Some voters will understand and use tactic alvoting to their advantage, whereas others will not know how to play the game. The transparency of the ‘first past the post’ system is one of its many virtues."}
{'text': "In the USA, most judges at a state level are elected, but federal judges are appointed by the president, subject to confirmation by the senate. In the UK and most other ‘common law’ countries, judges are appointed, usually by independent and expert commissions. It is important to realise that there are many indirect consequences of elections of judges, most prominently the increase in politicisation of the judiciary.Judicial appointments outside the USA receive very little public scrutiny, whereas in America they are front-page news. It is important to recognise that judges perform a wide range of functions, which may differ in their relevance to politics; interpreting the Insolvency Acts is unlikely to be a highly political activity, but reducing murderers’ sentences obviously is.\n\nMotion: This House would elect its judges.\n\nAn argument against 'Judges, election of': If judges are elected at the same time as the government, then far from dissenting from the government, they will be far more likely to share its views. If they are elected at a different time, then there will simply be insufficient interest in these elections, and so they will be hijacked by extremists."}
{'text': "Renewed interest in state regulation of the press was spurred by the 2012 Leveson Inquiry in the UK, which examined the various models by which the media can be regulated. In essence, the two basic models used in most countries are ‘self-regulation’, in which the media establishes its own body to monitor and punish non-compliance with a Code of Ethics; whereas in a ‘statutory regulation’ model, an independent press regulator is created by the government, but run at arm’s length. One important difference between the two systems is that with self-regulation, newspapers can opt out, so some may simply be unregulated. Statutory regulators often have greater powers, such as levelling fines, whereas self-regulators may be limited to powers of condemnation.\n\nMotion: This House supports state regulation of themedia.\n\nAn argument against 'Press, state regulation of the': Laws against libel and criminal invasions of privacy are sufficient to provide individuals with the protection that they require from the press. If anything false and harmful is said about them, then they can sue for damages, and the same is true if their privacy is breached. In other words, if the media do anything illegal, they will be punished; but otherwise, they must be given a substantial area of freedom in which to operate."}
{'text': "The British Broadcasting Service (BBC) is a public service broadcasting corporation funded from a licence fee. Anybody who has a television set or uses a computer or phone to watch television in real time must pay the licence fee. The fee is set by government and in 2013, stood at £145.50. The BBC was set up in the 1920s and has grown to encompass eight television channels, 10 radio stations and a website. Many people believe that the BBC is a national treasure which must be protected, but there is a growing voice calling for it to be privatised.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the BBC should beprivatised.\n\nAn argument for 'BBC, privatisation of': The BBC is a bloated bureaucracy that has been badly governed and has been involved in innumerable scandals since the early 2000s. A privatised channel would be more efficient and offer better value for money. Advertisements, sponsorship and product placement can provide the funding for all the television we need."}
{'text': "In spite of the general move towards democracy around the world, there are numerous dictatorial regimes worldwide. In general, military intervention in them would be impossible or impractical, but it is possible that targeted assassination might be more successful. The development of technology, and the greater use of assassination as a strategy for other targets including terrorists, makes assassination a more plausible route for ridding the world of them.\n\nMotion: This House would assassinate foreign dictators.\n\nAn argument for 'Dictators, assassination of': The security with which dictators surround themselves and the climate of fear that they create make it virtually impossible for either popular or elite (i.e.army) opposition to remove them from power, as the career of Saddam Hussein showed. If widespread suffering and death of their citizens are commonplace, this justifies removing them from power in the only way left. Even during the Arab Spring of 2011, it was primarily the fact that militaries switched sides, not mere people power, which overthrew Arab dictators."}
{'text': "This is fundamentally another debate about whether the government should intervene to protect individuals from themselves. Many Western governments have now passed legislation to discourage smoking, including banning tobacco advertising, banning smoking in public places, raising the minimum age for smoking, significantly raising taxes on tobacco and covering cigarette packets in graphic health warnings. Are these measures enough or do they go too far? Or do we still need to stop all smoking in private as well?\n\nMotion: This House would ban smoking.\n\nAn argument against 'Smoking, banning of': We must allow people to make their own decisions unless certain and immediate dangers are involved (as with heroin, say, but not tobacco). People can become addicted to coffee, jogging, shopping and many other things. It is up to them to kick the habit if they want to and are able to. Banning tobacco would immediately create a culture of millions of addicted criminals, forming a black market as did Prohibition in 1920s America."}
{'text': "There have been numerous global attempts to agree on limits to greenhouse gas emissions, but thus far, nothing on the global scale has succeeded; the Kyoto Protocol was rejected by the USA, withdrawn from by Canada, and had not imposed binding targets on the developing world anyway. The closest thing to a serious intercountry accord was the European Union’s cap-and-trade scheme, but that was largely disastrous, with limits set too high to be effective. This debate represents a radical departure from existing practice, to impose internationally binding obligations that require immediate action.\n\nMotion: This House supports internationally bindingemission targets for all countries.\n\nAn argument against 'Global warming, binding emission targets for': Environmentalists wish to destroy jobs and reduce our nation’s wealth on the basis of an unproven theory. Their scaremongering and indoctrination (particularly of children) threatens our very way of life. Energy conservation and pollution controls should be encouraged up to a point (as they already are), but economic productivity and improved standards of living must remain our number one priority."}
{'text': "When the last edition of Pros and Conswas published (in 1999), it perhaps appeared asthough the fall of the Berlin Wall had settled this topic for most right-thinking people.But since then, numerous developments have revived an interest in investigating the fundamental acceptability of capitalism as an economic system such as the developmentof ‘Gross National Happiness’ indexes to measure welfare as more than financial; agrowing concern for capitalism’s impact on the environment; and of course, the global financial crisis. An important point to remember is that in between the two polar opposites presented here, there is a spectrum of different systems which involve partial regulation by the state of the market and the use of market forces to deliver essential governmental functions.\n\nMotion: This House believes that capitalism is a force for good in the world.\n\nAn argument for 'Capitalism v. Socialism': The fundamental driving force of human life, and of the natural world as a whole, is competition. Human nature is selfish and competitive, and by allowing this instinct to rule, we have survived as aspecies. Capitalism recognises this by letting the most successful individuals flourish through hard work and success in anopen competitive market. Capitalism is aneconomic and social version of the ‘survival of the fittest’."}
{'text': "Private schools are those that receive no funding from the state and are instead usually financed through parental fees. They are sometimes called ‘independent schools’ and, confusingly, in the UK they are often referred to as ‘public schools’, whereas most of the world would use that term to describe state schools. Opponents of private schools usually point to the inequality that they believe the schools perpetuate in society, whereas supporters argue that parents should be able to spend their money how they wish.\n\nMotion: This House would pay for its education.\n\nAn argument against 'Private schools': Most of these facilities are not as welcome in a modern world. Boarding schools offer sheltered existences where outdated traditions and prejudice flourish,leaving their alumni entirely in adequately prepared for adulthood. Co-educational schools provide a better education for all sorts of reasons. Extra-curricular activities should be encouraged in the state sector; where they do not exist, it is through lack of resources which are taken by the private schools."}
{'text': "The first decade of the twenty-first century has seen a heated debate within the Anglican Church about whether it should allow the ordination of openly gay clergy and bishops. The Church of England, the Episcopal Church in the USA and the Anglican Church of Canada have accepted some gay clergy and, in 2004, Gene Robinson became the first openly gay minister to be made a bishop (the Bishop of New Hampshire in the Episcopal Church). However, the Anglican Communion worldwide is split on this issue, and in 2008, there was a boycott of the Lambeth Conference, such was the strength of the schism. Those opposed believe that homosexuality is against Christian teaching and have declared themselves in a state of ‘impaired communion’ with their liberal counterparts. The arguments here focus on the Anglican Church, but can be easily adapted to apply to other faiths.\n\nMotion: This House would ordain homosexuals.\n\nAn argument against 'Homosexuals, ordination of': It is also clear from the Bible that sex is intended to produce children. The Bible condemns ‘fornication’, which is the use of sex for pleasure rather than procreation. All homosexual sex falls into this category and those who practise it cannot be rolemodels for the Christian community."}
{'text': "Punishing children and preventing them from committing crimes poses a peculiar problem for law enforcement. Often it is harder to prosecute children, and the available punishments are less severe; in addition, governments are keen to emphasise the need for softer measures to deal with youth crime, which focus on enhancing parental involvement in crime prevention. Curfews can be part of a broader strategy to prevent youth crime before it takes place, rather than only punishing it after the event.\n\nMotion: This House would put a curfew on children.\n\nAn argument against 'Child curfews': The sort of children who would murder, or even those who would get involved in gangs, drugs and car theft, will not take the slightest bit of notice of a curfew. Children who behave in these criminal and anti-social ways are well past taking notice of bedtimes.Youth crime is a radical and alarming problem that calls for a more radical solution. The age of criminal responsibility should be lowered to eight, and sentences for young offenders should be more severe, and imposed after a single ‘final warning’, rather than children receiving several ‘cautions’ before any punishment is dished out."}
{'text': "Should sport form a part of compulsory education, should it be an optional extra on offer to pupils, or is it a complete waste of time and resources to have it on offer in schools? The debate is set against a back drop of both rising obesity in the West and an increasingly stretched school timetable.\n\nMotion: This House would make school sport voluntary.\n\nAn argument against 'School sport, compulsory': There are far too many ‘life skills’ for all of them to be satisfactorily taught in school. An alternative to sport in many schools is involvement in charity work, where students visit local residents with special needs – surely these aspects of good citizenship should also be taught? When something is enforced, it tends to engender resentment which undoes the benefits it may bring when voluntarily chosen. Sport should therefore be optional, although encouraged."}
{'text': "The concept of an unmanned military aircraft is almost as old as the use of air power itself; one was first tested in 1916 for the Royal Air Force’s use in the First World War. However, they have, naturally, developed hugely in recent years, and are now inwide spread use in military operations around the world. They are also used for numerous purposes; sometimes they are simply for intelligence gathering, but they are also often deployed as part of the USA’s programme of covert assassination of terrorist leaders in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen. Drones began as a tool to support conventional operations on the battlefield, but in 2002, a Predator drone was used by the CIA to kill alleged terrorists in Yemen, and they are now regularly used off the battlefield. Worries that they might fall into the wrong hands were crystallised in 2011,when Iran captured an American RQ-170 drone which had been spying in its airspace. There are question marks about their legitimacy in international law, given that they are typically used for targeted assassinations, but there are no express rules governing their use at present.\n\nMotion: This House would ban the use of drones.\n\nAn argument against 'Military drones, prohibition of': It is inevitable that some countries will seek to use drone warfare, regardless of whether others ban it, or even if they are expressly prohibited in international law. Given that, it is better that a system be established for monitoring and regulating drone warfare, with clear protocols as to acceptable usage, rather than allowing total free rein. If, for instance, all drones had to be registered, there would be less danger of them being unsafe or falling into criminal or terrorist hands. Moreover, it might be possible to prevent Russia, China and Iran fitting them with extreme weapons to make them more destructive."}
{'text': "Most legal systems that allow local communities to play a prominent role in sentencing limit this right to relatively cohesive and isolated indigenous or religious communities, but there is no reason in principle that this must be so. A crucial distinction is made between setting the law, conducting the trial to see if a suspect is guilty, and then sentencing; these debates only allow the local community in at the final stage, while retaining the state’s power to set the law and ad minister it. However, there are profound implications in those areas as well. The most prominent example is ‘sentencing circles’ in Australia and Canada, where judges sit with indigenous elders to determine sentences and explain them to both offender and victim. Such circles often take into account different considerations from normal courts focusing on healing and restoring the community rather than a strict emphasis on retribution.\n\nMotion: This House believes that criminals should besentenced in their communities rather thanin the courts.\n\nAn argument for 'Community sentencing': The main damage done by a crime is done, after that to the victim, to the community in which it is committed; any secondary impact on ‘the state’ is minimal. As such, it should be up to the community to determine appropriate sentences, rather than judges who may have little or no involvement with the real lives of those affected by crime. This can cut both ways. Communities may want to punish some crimes more harshly; for instance, gun crime in a neighbourhood where those offences are especially prevalent might beseen as a particularly serious crime. But equally, they may want to display more mercy; poor areas might display greater understanding about burglary driven by desperation, for example."}
{'text': "The House of Lords began as a second chamber for hereditary peers which had the power to veto bills coming to it from the House of Commons. The Parliament Act of 1911 removed the power to veto and replaced it with the power to delay a bill. This established the ultimate sovereignty of the House of Commons. In 1958, life peers were created in addition to hereditary ones. These appointments are made by the government of the day to senior representatives of politics, business and other areas of society. There are also 26 Lords Spiritual who are bishops of the Church of England. The setting up of the Supreme Court in 2009 ended the position of Law Lords (which had existed when the House of Lords was the highest court in the land). The Blair government started the process of reforming the House of Lords by removing almost all of the hereditary peers and replacing them with life peers. Tony Blair’s government, however, was divided about how to finish these reforms. Should the House of Lords eventually be fully elected, fully appointed by an independent commission or a mixture of the two? This article looks at the arguments for a fully elected versus a fully appointed chamber. There is also a related debate about whether to abolish the second chamber completely.\n\nMotion: This House would elect the Second Chamber.\n\nAn argument against 'House of Lords, elected v. appointed': The Lords provide invaluable expertise in the committee stages and debates on legislation. They are leaders in business, science and technology, the arts, religion, education and politics. They provide a wider range of views than another chamber full of career politicians would. They are also free to be more independent because the party whip is less strong and they can choose to be cross-benchers affiliated to no party. The security of tenure that comes with the lack of elections also means that experience and wisdom are kept and that the peers can be more principled and outspoken."}
{'text': "One must be careful to distinguish between genetic engineering – actual tampering with the genetic code of a being or an embryo – and other forms of intervention in the natural process. This debate focuses on both the genetic modification of crops, which is generally done to produce better commercial and agricultural plant life by making them last longer or be more resistant to disease, and genetic modification of human and animal cells. Most debates will naturally focus on one of these or the other, but they do contain overlapping issues (some of the issues in the human type are also dealt with in the previous debate on ‘eugenics: IVF and genetic screening’).\n\nMotion: This House supports the use of geneticengineering in the natural world.\n\nAn argument against 'Genetic engineering': We should not readily intervene ingenetic codes, because we do not know what the consequences will be. While we believe that we are starting to understand genetics better, we do not really understand properly how genes interact; that is different from visible, tested interventions in medicine and science, because it is so speculative."}
{'text': "In the USA, most judges at a state level are elected, but federal judges are appointed by the president, subject to confirmation by the senate. In the UK and most other ‘common law’ countries, judges are appointed, usually by independent and expert commissions. It is important to realise that there are many indirect consequences of elections of judges, most prominently the increase in politicisation of the judiciary.Judicial appointments outside the USA receive very little public scrutiny, whereas in America they are front-page news. It is important to recognise that judges perform a wide range of functions, which may differ in their relevance to politics; interpreting the Insolvency Acts is unlikely to be a highly political activity, but reducing murderers’ sentences obviously is.\n\nMotion: This House would elect its judges.\n\nAn argument against 'Judges, election of': Elections in the modern world can involve huge amounts of money; whichmay mean prospective judges would need to raise money. In certain jurisdictions, like the USA, this may mean that candidates might have to seek funds from corporations. This would make judges who win elections more vulnerable to corporate pressure, which undermines their role in enforcing the law – particularly in disputes involving the companies which funded their election campaigns."}
{'text': "Juries are an integral part of the criminal justice system in most ‘common law” countries, such as the UK, the USA and Australia, but are totally alien in ‘civil law’ systems like France and Germany. They were abolished in South Africa in 1969 as the apartheid government did not want black jurors sitting in judgement on their peers. In some cases, jurors may also sit in non-criminal claims cases; in the USA, juries sit in personal injury or medical negligence cases, which has led to very high pay-outs in those trials. Similar worries have emerged in the UK where juries occasionally sit in libel claims cases, and often tend to give huge pay-outs for damage to reputation which are even larger than those for physical harm.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish jury trials.\n\nAn argument for 'Jury trials, abolition of': Jurors are unreliable lay people, uninformed about the law and with no training, and no proven skills of attentiveness, analysis or fairness. They, unlike legal experts, will be swayed by prejudice and preconception (e.g. judging defendants by their appearance). It is not in the interest of justice to have such people decide the fate of those accused of serious crimes, whose futures, or even lives, hang in the balance. Particularly in the case of fraud trials which last months or years and are full of complex legal technicalities, juries cannot be expected to follow the case or know how to reach a verdict. Juries should be replaced by panels of lawyers (as already happens with appeal court judges who sit in panels) or magistrates, the latter being a compromise between the untutored lay person and the professional lawyer."}
{'text': "Fairtrade is a movement that is undoubtedly noble in motive, namely to help farmers in the developing world receive a fair price for their goods. However, economists are deeply divided as to whether the specific prescriptions of fair trade are effective in alleviating poverty; or whether, conversely, they do more harm than good. This debate is rarely so prescriptive as to involve banning fair trade outright, but can take the form either of a policy (such as limiting its labelling) or individual choice (not buying its products). Fairtrade products are many and varied, including chocolate, coffee, wine and fruit, and also come from many different countries. So a more nuanced approach that pays attention to differences between Fairtrade products may be called for.\n\nMotion: This House would boycott Fairtrade.\n\nAn argument for 'Fairtrade, we should not support': Fairtrade is used by Western companies and supermarkets as a means of price discrimination; that is, they make its products more expensive, and also trade them as luxury goods, while keeping a non-Fairtrade range. This simply allows them to reduce consumer welfare, without in fact paying more to those who produce the goods."}
{'text': "The concept of an unmanned military aircraft is almost as old as the use of air power itself; one was first tested in 1916 for the Royal Air Force’s use in the First World War. However, they have, naturally, developed hugely in recent years, and are now inwide spread use in military operations around the world. They are also used for numerous purposes; sometimes they are simply for intelligence gathering, but they are also often deployed as part of the USA’s programme of covert assassination of terrorist leaders in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen. Drones began as a tool to support conventional operations on the battlefield, but in 2002, a Predator drone was used by the CIA to kill alleged terrorists in Yemen, and they are now regularly used off the battlefield. Worries that they might fall into the wrong hands were crystallised in 2011, when Iran captured an American RQ-170 drone which had been spying in its airspace. There are question marks about their legitimacy in international law, given that they are typically used for targeted assassinations, but there are no express rules governing their use at present.\n\nMotion: This House would ban private military companies.\n\nAn argument against 'Private military corporations, banning of': There is nothing necessarily dehumanising about simply being far away from the target; fighter pilots also do not see the pain or suffering they cause, but watch it on a camera from far away. There are many advantages to the ‘pilots’ beingon the ground rather than in the plane. The most important one is that, because pilots are not in personal danger, they are less likely to lash out and fire in panic, but can instead remain cool-headed about their strategies. Moreover, because they can be supervised more readily by commanders and given information by analysts who know what the target looks like, in consequence, civilian deaths are much less likely."}
{'text': "This debate considers whether state censorship can be justified by the harms caused by violent video games. Games such as Grand Theft Auto have attracted increasing criticism over recent years as the amount of violence has escalated.\n\nMotion: This House would ban violent video games.\n\nAn argument against 'Violent video games, banning of': There always has and always will be violence in entertainment because people find it entertaining. Before the technology for video games was here, children played with toy guns and when there are no toys, children will still engage in imaginative play using their fingers as shooters. Computer games are just a different way of doing the same thing."}
{'text': "This debate looks at whether being an elected representative should be a full-time job,or whether politicians should be able to balance it with other paid work. Do we value politicians more if they devote their time while in government solely to politics, or do we welcome the idea of elected representatives having business interests outside their political role?\n\nMotion: This House would ban politicians from having outside interests.\n\nAn argument for 'Politicians’ outside interests, banning of': It is wrong in principle for any individual or group to be able to buy political power and influence. Even if lobby groups are allowed to influence politicians, they should not be allowed financial arrangements with them. Otherwise only the wealthy groups paying the most (e.g. major corporations selling tobacco, arms, cars, etc.) would be able to win legislation in their favour; smaller, poorer factions (e.g. animal rights’ defenders) would have no say. If money is removed from the equation, then each opinion has a more equal chance of being heard."}
{'text': "This debate was made prominent by a series of rulings by the European Court of Human Rights and the United States Supreme Court, which aimed to oblige governments to grant prisoners the right to vote. There are several forms that denial of voting r ights can take, ranging in severity from a lifelong ban for felony commission(Kentucky and Louisiana in the USA), a ban for all prisoners (the UK, Italy) or disenfranchisement for particular crimes, as in most of the rest of Europe. An interesting side issue is about the severity of crime at which the threshold should be set, and in particular, for property crimes, how inflation has slowly made certain offences felonies‘by creep’; for example, in Massachusetts, it has been law for decades that a property crime of more than US$250 is a felony, for which you lose voting rights, but inflation has made that a much larger range of crimes.\n\nMotion: This House would give prisoners the vote.\n\nAn argument for 'Prisoners’ right to vote, denial of': Taking away voting rights from criminals represents a strong deterrent for committing crime. The right to vote is not just practically important in terms of influencing government policy, but also symbolically important as a clear statement of social membership. No one wants to be made an outcast from society, which is what the deprivation of votes does."}
{'text': "Cosmetic surgery is a sub-category of ‘plastic’ surgery, which is the use of surgical techniques to change physical appearance, and derives from the Greek word plastikos for ‘able to be moulded’. The other category, which this debate is not about, is‘reconstructive’ surgery, which helps people recovering from severely deforming accidents to look as they did before. Cosmetic surgery is about procedures to make subjects more attractive. In 2011, there were over 1.6 million cosmetic procedures in the USA alone; 91 per cent of those were performed on women.\n\nMotion: This House would ban cosmetic surgery.\n\nAn argument for 'Cosmetic surgery, banning of': Cosmetic surgery objectifies women. Although there are cosmetic procedures for men, they are the overwhelming minority; for the most part, such procedures are conceived for, marketed at and performed on women. This encourages women to believe that their physical appearance is of primary importance, which is particularly bad for young girls, who should not be taught that they must be permanently seeking to make themselves more attractive, even if it entails physical harm."}
{'text': "Some countries, such as Australia, fund their political parties through tax payers’ money.Other countries, including the UK, require their political parties to fundraise to meet their costs. Which system is fairer and more democratic? The different models for state funding are complex, but it may be worth a Proposition team giving some details about the system they would use as it can affect the arguments. It is possible, however, to have the debate in principle and this article looks at the arguments as they work across various models. There is an interesting related debate on capping campaign expenditure which also seeks to create a more transparent political system.\n\nMotion: This House supports state funding of politicalparties.\n\nAn argument for 'State funding of political parties': An effective democracy is worth spending money on. State funding would represent a tiny amount of government spending and would be in line with money already spent on democratic processes such as elections and referenda."}
{'text': "Should sport form a part of compulsory education, should it be an optional extra on offer to pupils, or is it a complete waste of time and resources to have it on offer in schools? The debate is set against a back drop of both rising obesity in the West and an increasingly stretched school timetable.\n\nMotion: This House would make school sport voluntary.\n\nAn argument for 'School sport, compulsory': A school education should involve much more than the simple acquisition off acts. All sorts of skills needed in adult life should be developed. Sport provides many of these: the value of keeping fit, team-work and discipline in particular."}
{'text': "Some countries including the USA and the UK use an electoral system called ‘first past the post’ (FPTP) in some of their elections. This is where the candidate who receives the most votes wins the seat and the other votes count for nothing. Should such countries reform this system to a more proportional one where the number of seats won is more in line with the popular vote received? There are many models of proportional representation such as Single Transferable Vote or Alternative Vote. A Proposition team may wish to research these models and choose a system to support since they all have slightly different pros and cons, but the debate can also be had on the principle.\n\nMotion: This House believes in proportional representation.\n\nAn argument for 'Proportional representation': Members of parliament often get elected with a minority of the vote. In 1997, the Liberal Democrats won Tweeddale in the Scottish Borders with 31 per cent of the vote; seats won with under 35 per cent of the vote were by no means uncommon. So the people’s so-called representatives normally represent only a minority of their constituents. Some forms of PR ensure that a representative has at least 51 per cent of the vote, while others allow multiple winners in each seat to ensure greater representation. This in turn leads to a stronger mandate for politicians."}
{'text': "In spite of the obvious and incontrovertible evidence that the Holocaust was one of the most horrific events in human history, there remains a small number of radical neo-Nazi politicians, historians and their supporters who seek to deny that the Holocaust took place. It cannot be stressed enough that this is not a debate about that question, but about whether denying the Holocaust ought to be illegal. That is already the position in 17 European countries (most notably, Germany and France), and the EU has called for others to follow suit. In recent years, the view has also become popular in the Middle East as part of a political narrative about Israel, and has been prominently expressed by former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.\n\nMotion: This House would ban Holocaust denial.\n\nAn argument for 'Holocaust denial, criminalisation of': The denial of the Holocaust causes great pain to Jewish people and those close to them. For them, it is important that there be public recognition of the horrors that were perpetrated against them because of their race, and Holocaust denial undermines that. It is not distant from their lives or unimportant, either because many of them will have been alive during the Holocaust, or they know someone, perhaps an elderly relative, who was in a concentration camp. Moreover, because anti-Semitism is present in society today, Holocaust denial is a constant reminder of the peril of hatred and violence."}
{'text': "A surrogate mother is a woman who carries and gives birth to a baby for another couple who are unable to have children in the normal way. A couple in which the woman is infertile might use the man’s sperm and the surrogate mother’s egg to produce the foetus – the surrogate would not need to have sex with the man, but could be inseminated in another way. Alternatively, if the woman and man are both fertile but the woman cannot, for some other reason, conceive and bear a child, one of the woman’s eggs, fertilised by the man, can be implanted into the womb of the surrogate. When he or she is born, the child is handed over by the surrogate to be adopted by the couple. In some US states, and in India and Russia among others, it is legal to pay surrogate mothers for their services; whereas in other countries such as the UK, Australia and France, only altruistic surrogacy is allowed, which merely permits the payment of reasonable costs.Some countries such as Italy have outlawed all forms of surrogacy, paid or not.\n\nMotion: This House would allow paid surrogate mother-hood.\n\nAn argument for 'Surrogate mothers, payment of': A surrogate mother should be paid for her services. She is meeting a demand, at some inconvenience, discomfort and risk to herself. It is only right to recognise this through a fee."}
{'text': "This debate is not unlike the debate about limiting bonuses, but salary caps have a less direct impact on incentive structures for executives, so this debate is more about the morality of earnings. Pay for CEOs has risen particularly rapidly in recent years, and certainly much faster than average earnings. To put it in context, the average American CEO earns US$9.7 million a year, or 3,489 years of salary for the average worker.\n\nMotion: This House would cap executive salaries.\n\nAn argument against 'Salary capping, mandatory': Salaries are not the main source of wealth for the super-rich. They earn their money from investments or companies they own; salary caps may reduce the number of very wealthy CEOs, but do nothing about über-wealthy oligarchs or property magnates, who are the real symbols of the failure of capitalism."}
{'text': "Civil disobedience comes in many forms; the central point is that it is the refusal to obey certain laws to make a political point. Such disobedience can either be largely passive (for instance, a refusal to pay taxes) or can actively aim to disrupt a system of government(by sit-ins or property damage), and can be violent (arguably, for instance, the London riots in 2011) or non-violent (the ‘Occupy’ movement).The common aim, however, is to change the law. An interesting angle on the debate is to question some of the classicexamples of ‘success’ for civil disobedience; for instance, were Gandhi’s protests really as important as the canons of history have it in obtaining Indian independence, or did violent, more formalised efforts have a large impact?\n\nMotion: This House supports civil disobedience.\n\nAn argument against 'Civil disobedience': Peaceful protest is quite possible, even in an undemocratic society, without resorting to civil disobedience. A point can be made quite well without coming into confrontation with police, trespassing or causing disturbance and damage to people or property. Legal systems are the most effective way of protecting the vulnerable and minorities; once they break down, there is no way of protecting the most vulnerable. A good example of the unintended consequences of civil disobedience is Egypt’s Arab Spring in 2011; while there is no doubt that President Mubarak’s regime perpetrated significant crimes against women, the law and order vacuum after the revolution led to a significant spike in sexual abuse."}
{'text': "The norms for school dress code vary around the world from a strict uniform through dress codes to no, or very few, restrictions on clothing. This is usually a debate that school pupils themselves have very strong opinions on. A definition may want to address the age range it is targeting, and the anti-uniform side could clarify how free it wants dress to be.\n\nMotion: This House believes school uniforms are a good idea.\n\nAn argument for 'School uniform': School uniforms remove the opportunity for fashion-related bullying and the pressure to spend money on labels to impress friends and fit in with the crowd. A uniform is a leveller and emphasises the similarities between students rather than pointing out the differences."}
{'text': "Vegetarianism has always been an alternative lifestyle that has been practised by some proponents of animal rights, by a faction of the health-conscious and by some religions. In recent years, however, it has taken on an environmental dimension with some green campaigners saying that widespread vegetarianism could be crucial to the planet’s future.It is unlikely that this debate would call for a law banning the eating of meat; rather, it should debate the practical and moral advantages and disadvantages of the lifestyle choice. See the introduction to the debate on ‘animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of ’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘animal rights’ (Section A) for an overview on the issues of animal welfare.\n\nMotion: This House believes that meat is murder.\n\nAn argument against 'Vegetarianism': Humans have evolved as an omnivorous species. Therefore, the omnivorous diet (meat and vegetables) is what we are adapted to flourish on. By cutting out half of this natural diet, we are bound to lose the natural balance and variety we need. Meat is a rich source of minerals such as iron and zinc, which are not easily found in a vegetarian diet. Excessive meat consumption might be bad for the health, but this is not a reason to cut it out completely."}
{'text': "The House of Lords began as a second chamber for hereditary peers which had the power to veto bills coming to it from the House of Commons. The Parliament Act of 1911 removed the power to veto and replaced it with the power to delay a bill. This established the ultimate sovereignty of the House of Commons. In 1958, life peers were created in addition to hereditary ones. These appointments are made by the government of the day to senior representatives of politics, business and other areas of society. There are also 26 Lords Spiritual who are bishops of the Church of England. The setting up of the Supreme Court in 2009 ended the position of Law Lords (which had existed when the House of Lords was the highest court in the land). The Blair government started the process of reforming the House of Lords by removing almost all of the hereditary peers and replacing them with life peers. Tony Blair’s government, however, was divided about how to finish these reforms. Should the House of Lords eventually be fully elected, fully appointed by an independent commission or a mixture of the two? This article looks at the arguments for a fully elected versus a fully appointed chamber. There is also a related debate about whether to abolish the second chamber completely.\n\nMotion: This House would elect the Second Chamber.\n\nAn argument against 'House of Lords, elected v. appointed': A chamber that is more representative of the public may be achieved more effectively through appointment than through elections. An independent commission could have as part of its mandate to be inclusive of gender, race and economic background. It is very difficult to achieve social engineering through the electoral system as the make-up of the House of Commons shows."}
{'text': "There are many obvious arguments against nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, but we are much more accustomed to a ready acceptance of the acceptability and desirability of large stocks of conventional weapons. This debate focuses on the possibilities of reducing those stocks of weapons, either by a refusal to trade in them, or gradual reductions of stockpiles and non-renewal of weapons programmes. Such a debate does not require a country to leave itself with no defence systems whatsoever, but allows it to retain measures to defend itself; it mainly limits its capacity to launch offensive wars.\n\nMotion: This House would end the arms trade.\n\nAn argument against 'Armaments, limitations on conventional': The global arms market is highly diffuse, and there is simply no way that individual states can be expected to have any impact on what others do. In particular, because Russia and China can produce large quantities of highly developed weaponry, and have shown no signs that they will stop, this move is pointless."}
{'text': "Beauty contests and pageants exist across the world, with the largest and most famous example being Miss World. There are also many local, national and niche contests anda large community of teen, child and even baby beauty pageants. A debate can be had about all beauty contests, and there is also an interesting debate to be had concerning other events which include children.\n\nMotion: This House would cancel Miss World.\n\nAn argument against 'Beauty contests, banning of': Beauty pageants reflect the ideals of beauty in society, they do not create it. Women are bombarded by images of beauty all the time and the pressure that exists comes from the media and their peers."}
{'text': "From the six members who signed the Treaty of Rome in 1957, to Croatia becomingthe 28th member state on 1 July 2013, the EU’s history has been one of continuousexpansion, as new states see the merits of the European project and seek to gain benefitsof membership. Equally, some think that whatever the merits of past expansions, it is nolonger viable for the EU to expand further; it has simply reached the limits for a viableinstitution that is so closely integrated. However, the requirement that new memberstates join the euro has deterred many prospective entrants, given its recent instability;perversely, however, the global financial crisis appears to have encouraged other newentrants, especially Iceland, whose own currency problems were so bad that even theeuro seemed preferable.\n\nMotion: This House would expand the EU indefinitely.\n\nAn argument for 'European Union, expansion of the': One of the EU’s great achievements is acting as a redistributive scheme for the European continent; in particular, it has succeeded in transforming Portugal, Poland, Spain and Ireland from relatively poor countries into developed economies on a par with the rest of Europe. It is now a moral imperative that the economic benefits of membership be spread to states in Southeastern Europe in particular."}
{'text': "In one of the most famous debates at the Oxford Union, the motion ‘This House will in no circumstances fight for its King and Country’ was passed in 1933 by 275 votes to 153. It sparked off a national controversy in the press, and Winston Churchill denounced it as ‘that abject, squalid, shameless avowal’ and ‘this ever shameful motion’. It is rumoured that the vote gave Adolf Hitler confidence that Great Britain would not militarily oppose his expansion in Europe. Pacifism is therefore a debating topic that is of more than passing interest, but of real historical significance.\n\nMotion: This House would be pacifist.\n\nAn argument for 'Pacifism': Pacifists are committed to the view that it is always wrong intentionally to kill.This view is obviously a difficult one to sustainin the face of certain dramatic counter-examples, but two things must be borne in mind. First, few, if any, modern wars are really wars of self-defence, national or personal; rather, they are about foreign expansion or intervention. Second, there is nothing wrong with the notion of absolute morality; it simply requires that some individuals are ready to accept bad consequences for themselves in order to remain morally pure."}
{'text': "Should sport form a part of compulsory education, should it be an optional extra on offer to pupils, or is it a complete waste of time and resources to have it on offer in schools? The debate is set against a back drop of both rising obesity in the West and an increasingly stretched school timetable.\n\nMotion: This House would make school sport voluntary.\n\nAn argument for 'School sport, compulsory': Many children are unwilling to play sports simply because they have not been encouraged towards physical pursuits in the past: toddlers who are left to play or read in their bedrooms by their parents instead of being sent to play outside with friends. These children, when older, may choose to avoid sports if given the chance. In fact, if forced to take part, they may well discover a surprising enthusiasm and talent for certain sports. Many not able sportsmen and sportswomen started their careers this way."}
{'text': "In some countries, especially the USA, criminal trials are commonly televised, and can be both broadcast live in full, or shown in highlight form. In other countries, especially the UK, there has generally been a strong ban on such coverage, although in 2004 it was briefly experimented with. This debate is about criminal trials; civil cases are rarely dramatic enough, or of enough public interest, for anyone to care about broadcasting them (although the UK Supreme Court does live-stream its hearings on the Internet, without many viewers!). Perhaps the most famous example is the 1995 trial of former American footballer O. J. Simpson for the murder of his ex-wife and a male friend, but other high-profile cases, such as singer Michael Jackson’s sexual abuse trial, have also been broadcast.\n\nMotion: This House would put cameras in the court-room.\n\nAn argument against 'Televised trials': There are already full and accurate records of court proceedings available to anyone who is interested in them. Legal reports in reputable newspapers are reliable and objective. Anyone truly interested in the judicial system can also sit in the public gallery of most courts. The TV media will in fact invariably create a much more distorted picture of a trial – as in the famous case of the O. J. Simpson trial which became a ‘media zoo’. Most people will not have the time or inclination to sit and watch every minute of the process of a trial, but will rely on 30-second ‘sound bites’ in the evening news with the biased spin of the TV journalists presenting the case. Cameras in courts will increase media distortion of trials."}
{'text': "This entry looks at the teaching of religious studies (RS) as a subject rather than the existence of religious schools. Some countries, such as France, believe that religion has no place within state education. Other countries, such as the UK, offer RS, but allow parents to remove their children from the classes. A definition would need to clarify whether the debate was about instruction in one particular religion, or whether it was the study of all religions as a subject, or both.\n\nMotion: This House believes that religion has no place inour schools.\n\nAn argument for 'Religious teaching in schools': Religious teaching is the only framework for students to discuss morals and morality. That they should form a code of morals is clearly a useful benefit to responsible adulthood. In many Western democracies, the entire legal system is founded on the basis of Christian morality, so whether or not the theology is accepted, the morality of that religion is still considered ‘right’ in those countries. Generally, all faiths aim to improve society and to alleviate injustice."}
{'text': "Like the future of healthcare and unemployment benefits, this issue is made particularly topical by the rapidly escalating costs to developed countries of old-age entitlements(pensions and free medical care). As life expectancy increases, the average age of the population is growing, and in the twenty-first century, many more retired citizens will be supported by many fewer taxpayers. It has been said that a society can be judged by how it looks after its oldest members, but can a state sustain a universal pension scheme or should we be made (or left to choose) to invest in private pension schemes or investments to secure our own future?\n\nMotion: This House would privatise the pension system.\n\nAn argument against 'State pensions, ending provision of': Governments can at least monitor statepension funds and guard against fraud. The exploitation of the Mirror Group pension fund by Robert Maxwell, discovered after his death in 1991, showed how vulnerable private funds can be to dishonest business-people. Political interference is a strong possibility anyway; in 1997, the Labour government in the UK removed tax advantages from private pension schemes. Governments also have the on us to intervene to prevent private schemes from ‘going bust’; this unwritten guaranteeen courages private firms to speculate recklessly (e.g. the savings and loanindustry in the USA in the early 1980s, or Asian banks in the 1990s)."}
{'text': "Human treatment of animals can be a highly emotive subject. A dolphin trapped and killed in a trawler net, a rat deliberately mutated by genetic engineering, a red deerhunted to the point of terrified exhaustion and shot, a rabbit with eyes and skin blistered from chemical and cosmetic tests, a captive lion robotically pacing its tiny cage at the circus or zoo – all of these are distressing images that arise in the context of debates about the human treatment of animals. But what are the arguments behind these emotional appeals? The Australian philosopher Peter Singer was one of the first, in the 1970s, to argue that animals have rights and that they should be treated with the respect due to a human animal. This is still a contentious claim, but one that more and more people seem to accept. The arguments on ‘animal rights’ in Section A consider whether animals have rights, and whether, if they do, we should be doing more to recognise and respect those rights. We currently use animals from bacteria to primates in many different ways – for food, clothing, entertainment in circuses and zoos, medical experiments, biotechnology (e.g. using bacteria to synthesise human hormones) and cosmetic testing; in sports such as greyhound racing and horse racing, and even as objects of ‘field sports’ such as fishing, shooting, foxhunting and hare-coursing. Some would argue that all of these uses of animals are wrong and that they should never be used as a means to a human end. Others would take the opposite view that it is right and natural for us to use other species for our own benefit, and that this is indeed the key to our continuing evolutionary success. This debate and the other debates on animals weigh up the pros and cons of our treatment of animals in various contexts. A debate on animal experimentation could be on cosmetic testing only or on medical testing.The arguments here focus on medical testing.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all animal testing.\n\nAn argument for 'Animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of': Vivisection involves the exploitation and torturing of innocent animals to benefit humans, and this is wrong on principle. Mice are bred to be susceptible to skin cancer, exposed to high levels of radiation and allowed to die. Rats are genetically engineered to grow full-size human ears on their backs, and baboons are deliberately infected with the HIV virus. No economicor medical gain can justify such cruel and cynical exploitation of our animal cousins. More advanced mammals – especially primates (monkeys and apes) – have complex nervous systems like ours and are similarly susceptible to pain and fear."}
{'text': "There is a variety of substances and procedures which enhance physical performance that are banned in sports; for example, steroids, hormones and blood doping. Some sports such as cycling and athletics have seen many high-profile sports stars caught breaking the rules. Despite increased screening, some people believe that drug taking is still rife. The Proposition team must decide whether to allow everything in their definition, which will open them up to an attack of serious health risks; or whether to regulate the substances, which may undermine the point about a level playing field.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise performance-enhancing drugs in sport.\n\nAn argument for 'Performance-enhancing drugs in sport': Athletes should be given the freedom of choice to take drugs, having been informed about the risks. Many athletes decide that the risk is worth it. There are risks associated with many sports already (paralysis in rugby, mental damage in boxing, possible death in motor sports), and we allow individuals to assess these risks. If the drugs were being taken in an open and regulated manner, then there would actually be fewer health risks (albeit to more people)."}
{'text': "At the time of writing, in 2013, the euro is on a precipice, with the Greek financial crisis threatening its very existence. It is currently used in 17 EU member states and five further countries that have unilaterally adopted it. Interest rates are set by the European Central Bank (ECB), which aims to keep inflation at or below 2 per cent, but its mandate has now generally broadened to other crisis prevention measures. The euro is also the model for the proposed African and Gulf area single currencies.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the euro has had its day.\n\nAn argument for 'Euro, abolition of the': Abolishing the euro will allow exchange rates to settle at a level which is far better for international trade. Major exporters like Germany will see their exchange rates rise, making imports cheaper; while Greece will be able to reap the benefits of a fall in its interest rates by increased tourism and exports."}
{'text': "The censorship of music could cover lyrics containing expletive words, racism and misogyny, espousing or glorifying violence, using explicit sexual imagery, condoning drug use or any other such messages which support illegal behaviour. Rap and hip-hop in particular have been accused of spreading social problems through their lyrics, but all kinds of music could be targeted by this policy. Should freedom of artistic expression be absolute, or should the government intervene in the name of protecting all its citizens from violence and discrimination?\n\nMotion: This House would censor music lyrics.\n\nAn argument against 'Music lyrics, censorship of': Parents should be monitoring the music their children listen to along with monitoring their Internet use and viewing habits. Adults cannot have their liberty restricted because an activity is unsuitable for children."}
{'text': "At the time of writing, in 2013, the euro is on a precipice, with the Greek financial crisis threatening its very existence. It is currently used in 17 EU member states and five further countries that have unilaterally adopted it. Interest rates are set by the European Central Bank (ECB), which aims to keep inflation at or below 2 per cent, but its mandate has now generally broadened to other crisis prevention measures. The euro is also the model for the proposed African and Gulf area single currencies.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the euro has had its day.\n\nAn argument for 'Euro, abolition of the': The fundamental problem with the EU is that monetary union without fiscal union is unsustainable. Because they share a currency, the other member states cannot allow a highly indebted economy like Greece or Portugal to crash. But they also have no means of preventing Greece from running up unsustainably high levels of public debt. So there will always be members who take advantage of this to overspend."}
{'text': "Most legal systems that allow local communities to play a prominent role in sentencing limit this right to relatively cohesive and isolated indigenous or religious communities, but there is no reason in principle that this must be so. A crucial distinction is made between setting the law, conducting the trial to see if a suspect is guilty, and then sentencing; these debates only allow the local community in at the final stage, while retaining the state’s power to set the law and ad minister it. However, there are profound implications in those areas as well. The most prominent example is ‘sentencing circles’ in Australia and Canada, where judges sit with indigenous elders to determine sentences and explain them to both offender and victim. Such circles often take into account different considerations from normal courts focusing on healing and restoring the community rather than a strict emphasis on retribution.\n\nMotion: This House believes that criminals should besentenced in their communities rather thanin the courts.\n\nAn argument against 'Community sentencing': The state also loses the power to protect internal minority groups. Sentencing circles may reflect biases against a ‘minority within a minority’, such as the ‘Native Freeman’ in the USA, who are the descendants of African-American slaves that belong to Native American groups, so crimes against them will be punished less harshly. Moreover, it may simply be that certain crimes are ignored within a community; for instance, if a community decides to sentence rape less harshly, then women are left vulnerable within that group. This also means that the state loses its power to propel social change; if a minority group lags behind mainstream society in reducing homophobia, they may also punish homophobic violence less harshly."}
{'text': "Utilitarianism is almost certainly the best known moral framework, but it is often used imprecisely.That is perhaps the fault of the slogan coined by Jeremy Bentham (1776) in A Fragment on Government,advocating the ‘greatest happiness of the greatest number’. But as a moment’s reflection shows, that is not one principle, but two. There might be some hypothetical situations where we can, for instance, increase 20 people’s happiness by one unit, or 10 people’s by three units; in such a case, the ‘greatest happiness’ would commend the latter, but the ‘greatest number’ would commend the former. Put simply,utilitarians believe in creating the greatest amount of happiness possible.That may sound like an intuitively plausible claim, but as the following arguments show, it is far from obvious that utilitarianism is the correct moral world view.This raises a final important point; utilitarianism may be deployed in many debates, but it must be argued for. Simply to say ‘According to John Stuart Mill’s principle of utilitarianism . . .’ does not advance the debate.\n\nMotion: This House would maximise happiness.\n\nAn argument for 'Utilitarianism': Utilitarianism is a highly egalitarian doctrine; it treats happiness as of equal worth, regardless of who possesses it. Moreover, because people who are worse off tend to gain more happiness from small incremental increases in their resources,utilitarianism is also radically redistributive, requiring us to give money to the poorest until each transfer does not make them more happy than the corresponding loss of happiness for the rich."}
{'text': "This topic clearly underlies numerous other debates, and essentially focuses on the point at which the state should step in to prevent individuals from harming themselves. No one thinks that the state should protect us from all harmful choices; every activity includes a certain level of risk, which individuals must be able to assume to live a meaningful, enjoyable life. But there are many activities that the state does regulate on the grounds that they are ‘irrational’, such as smoking (by punitive taxation) or drug taking, which many think that the state should not interfere with.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the state should notprotect individuals from themselves.\n\nAn argument for 'Protective legislation v. individual freedom': We all accept that, in essence, the state should be able to prevent harm to others arising from individual action; but so few dangerous actions are genuinely not at all harmful to others that this principle extends to allowing the state to prevent individuals from harming themselves.For instance, when individuals become addicted to alcohol or gambling, they do great damage to their families, both financially and psychologically. Because no one can extract themselves from the web of social relations that expose us to damage by those around us, the state must instead step in to make us safe from their behaviour."}
{'text': "This issue could be set in many countries where there is a history of a slave trade. It is often set in the USA where the descendants of many slaves live and where there is a strong lobby for more recognition and justice for this community. It could also be run country to country (e.g. that Britain should pay reparations to Jamaica; or the West should pay reparations to Africa). It may need to be established exactly who is to pay the reparations (countries or companies, for example) and who will receive them, and how much they will be; or it may be possible to have the debate as a principle.\n\nMotion: This House supports reparations for slavery.\n\nAn argument against 'Slavery, reparations for': There are no slaves alive to whom reparations can be paid, and it is not appropriate to pay descendants (perhaps great-grandchildren) who have never had any contact with slavery and have not suffered as a result of it. A country’s duty should be to make sure that all sections of the community have equal opportunities and are free from discrimination. If this is not the case, then resources should be directed towards solving this problem at a community level, not giving money to individuals."}
{'text': "The modern fashion industry typically uses thin models; this debate focuses on the extreme of that trend, with (almost exclusively female) models becoming dangerously underweight. Reasons vary; many models simply profess a desire to improve their employment prospects, or the need to do so for a particular show, but the phenomenon is also linked very closely with eating disorders such as anorexia and bulimia. Public outcry reached its height when two Brazilian model sisters, Luisel and Eliana Ramos, died within six months of each other, both for reasons believed to be related to mal nutrition. In 2007, the Madrid and Milan Fashion Weeks both banned size zero models, and Spain and Israel both have legislation preventing the use of underweight models. However, they are still legal, and widely deployed, in the USA, the UK and France.\n\nMotion: This House would ban size zero models.\n\nAn argument for 'Size zero models, banning of': The decision to be size zero is not a free or rational one, but is typically driven by severe psychological illnesses. Anorexia, bulimia and other eating disorders are recognised medical conditions which impair these models’ ability to think freely about their weight, quite literally distorting their self-perception so that they think themselves hideously fat even when they are in fact very thin.The state often steps in where people’s decisions are ultimately harmful and they cannot rationally choose, and this is a paradigm case."}
{'text': "In spite of the obvious and incontrovertible evidence that the Holocaust was one of the most horrific events in human history, there remains a small number of radical neo-Nazi politicians, historians and their supporters who seek to deny that the Holocaust took place. It cannot be stressed enough that this is not a debate about that question, but about whether denying the Holocaust ought to be illegal. That is already the position in 17 European countries (most notably, Germany and France), and the EU has called for others to follow suit. In recent years, the view has also become popular in the Middle East as part of a political narrative about Israel, and has been prominently expressed by former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.\n\nMotion: This House would ban Holocaust denial.\n\nAn argument for 'Holocaust denial, criminalisation of': Holocaust denial is often a ‘dog-whistle’ for other very pernicious views, such as anti-Semitism, racism and homophobia. We should not allow people to use this as a recruiting tool towards racist political parties, which are often dangerous and violent; by banning Holocaust denial, we remove an important signalling mechanism for those groups."}
{'text': "This debate looks at whether the government should intervene to stop the social and health problems related to alcohol, or whether people should be allowed to make their own decisions in relation to drinking. A Proposition team may want to think about the enforcement and penalties attached to the policy as most people are familiar with the failure of Prohibition in the USA.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all alcoholic drinks.\n\nAn argument for 'Alcohol, prohibition of': As alcohol is a harmful and addictive drug, our treatment of it should be the same as our treatment of cocaine or heroin. Moreover, alcohol is for many addicts the first drug on the path to ever harder drugs. Removing this first link in the chain may be an important step to solving the drug problem altogether."}
{'text': "Unlike the ‘justifiability of terrorism debate’, this debate does become more definitional. That is because there are some terrorist groups with whom negotiation seems almost inevitable (Hamas, for instance, is also the elected Palestinian government), but others with whom it seems absurd (Al-Qaeda does not have a set of well-defined aims that lend themselves to a sensible compromise, but demands a restoration of Islamic law stretching from Spain to China).This debate, therefore, rests on the ability of both sides to move away from reductive examples and focus on the general principles of the debate, rather than simply trading case studies.\n\nMotion: This House would negotiate with terrorists.\n\nAn argument for 'Terrorists, negotiation with': Negotiating with terrorists helps to improve their conduct after a peace deal, and make them into more viable political forces for power sharing. If a terrorist organisation needs to negotiate, it must also form a political wing, and start thinking about its policy priorities, rather than mere violence. Thus, when peace comes, it is a more effective partner and representative of a certain set of interests."}
{'text': "This links closely to the earlier debate about expansion of the European Union, but instead focuses on what the EU itself should do.While in many respects, the EU already resembles a single state (with its own currency and central bank, an apex [supreme]court and reams of legislation on the minutiae of central government), in others, it remains a union of independent, sovereign member states (each with their own military, fiscal policies and public services). This debate is about whether the EU should follow the US model and devolve much greater power to a central government, while allowing individual member states to retain small areas of autonomy.\n\nMotion: This House would federalise Europe.\n\nAn argument for 'United States of Europe': Even in the USA, there is no longer one shared language – some US schools now teach in Spanish as a first language for example. The United States of Europe would similarly have several languages.Switzerland and Canada are other examples of countries with successful federal governments, but no single shared language. There is no need for alarmism. As the example of the USA in particular shows, federalism is quite compatible with cultural pluralism and the retention of different national and ethnic traditions."}
{'text': "A useful tool in child-rearing or an outdated act of barbarism? Smacking continues to be controversial. It is banned outright in some countries such as New Zealand and much of Europe. Others restrict it to certain ages (in Canada, it is illegal to smack a child under the age of 3 or over the age of 11). Many countries, including the UK, define and legalise ‘reasonable chastisement’, but place limits such as forbidding smacking to the head or with an object. In the UK, if there is a bruise or cut after smacking, the perpetrator can be imprisoned for up to five years.\n\nMotion: This House would ban smacking.\n\nAn argument against 'Smacking, remove parents’ right to': ‘Spare the rod and spoil the child.’ A short, sharp expression of force, such as a smack or a spanking – which inflicts no serious or lasting damage – is an extremely effective method of discipline. It is espoused by many child care experts."}
{'text': "This debate is clearly a broad one, about a spectrum of different cases; no one would advocate abolishing prison altogether, but equally, very few people think it should be possible to imprison someone for literally any crime. The central theme is about a comparison between different systems. In Norway, prison sentences are very rare, and the country has just a single prison, which is broadly quite ‘soft’; prisoners are allowed to leave their cells at most times, and are referred to primarily as ‘students’, as they spend most of their time in education. By contrast, in the USA, more than 2 million people are imprisoned at any one time, with a further 5 million on parole or probation (allowing them to be called back if they misbehave); this means that fully 2.2 per cent of the US population is under ‘correctional supervision’.\n\nMotion: This House would condemn more and under-stand less.\n\nAn argument against 'Prison v. rehabilitation': Prison does not work. Centuries of reliance on the retributive imprisonment system have failed to stem the increasing crime rate. The way to reduce crime is to change people’s beliefs and habits of behaviour – this is most effectively done by counselling and especially by integration into the community. If young people can be set to work on community regeneration projects rather than sent to young offenders’ centres – which in effect are often little more than ‘academies of crime’ – they will have a greatly increased chance of living a life free of crime in the future. In one American study, drugs offenders who spent 12 months in prison followed by 6 months’ drugs rehabilitation and training in skills for future employment had a 50 per cent lower re-offencerate than those imprisoned for similar offences for the whole 18 months."}
{'text': "It is a tribute to the speed of the rise of the online social network that, when this book’s last edition was published in 1999, it is arguable that not a single social network existed. Early context-specific social networks like Friends Reunited and Classmates emerged in 2000, followed by more general ones such as Myspace, Bebo and Friendster in 2002 and 2003. But perhaps equally telling is that a teenager using Facebook today may wellnot even have heard of the above, let alone used them, because Facebook and Twitter, founded in 2004 and 2006 respectively, have swept through all competition, and become the all-consuming means of online communication. This debate understandably focuses on them.\n\nMotion: This House believes that social networking hasmade us better off.\n\nAn argument against 'Social networking has improved our lives': Social networks coerce us into joining; it is virtually impossible not to be a member of one, and so we do not exercise meaningful choice over whether we use it to run our lives. Once we do, they control all our data, in an invasive way."}
{'text': "It is commonly held in educated Western culture that religious belief is irrational and unsubstantiated. But can all the great geniuses of Christianity and other religions throughout the ages have simply been mistaken, not to mention the billions of religious believers worldwide today? Some twentieth-century theologians, such as Paul Tillich, have redefined God as ‘the ground of being’, in an attempt to get away from simplistic and anthropomorphic conceptions of God as a very powerful person, or even as an old man with a long beard. Does this idea of God make any sense? Can traditional conceptions of a personal, intelligent, benevolent Creator God be rejuvenated? Or is all talk of God rendered meaningless in a modern scientific world?\n\nMotion: This House believes that God is not dead.\n\nAn argument against 'God, existence of': Such feelings and experiences can be explained in terms of natural psychological needs and of brain processes. It is no coincidence that Christians, but not Buddhists, have religious visions of Christor of the Virgin Mary. These experiences are the product of religious teaching and often also of sensory deprivation: use of drugs, sleep deprivation, fasting, meditation or other deliberately mind-altering practices."}
{'text': "When the last edition of Pros and Conswas published (in 1999), it perhaps appeared asthough the fall of the Berlin Wall had settled this topic for most right-thinking people.But since then, numerous developments have revived an interest in investigating the fundamental acceptability of capitalism as an economic system such as the developmentof ‘Gross National Happiness’ indexes to measure welfare as more than financial; agrowing concern for capitalism’s impact on the environment; and of course, the global financial crisis. An important point to remember is that in between the two polar opposites presented here, there is a spectrum of different systems which involve partial regulation by the state of the market and the use of market forces to deliver essential governmental functions.\n\nMotion: This House believes that capitalism is a force for good in the world.\n\nAn argument against 'Capitalism v. Socialism': Socialism is perfectly compatible with hard work, creativity and progress. In a socialist system where the ideology of cooperation is properly projected, no one will seek to be lazy and ‘free-ride’ off thebachievements of others. Morebover, by giving people a basic safety net, socialism allows them to take the kind of risks that lead to great artistic or scientific advances and so makes society better off."}
{'text': "Privatisation is the process of the state selling off its assets in certain industries and allowing a competitive free market to deal with those sectors instead. It spans largely corporate projects like nationalised mining, to utilities provision (electricity, water, gas,etc.), to public services (healthcare, education, etc.). The core of the debate remains the same, although the urgency of it may vary; for instance, we might be far more worried about the state selling off hospitals than about losing a government-owned carmanufacturer.\n\nMotion: This House would privatise.\n\nAn argument for 'Privatisation': Privatisation is the most efficient way to provide public services. State-run bureaucracies will always be inefficient because they know that there is a government bailout waiting for them if they overspend, or fail to cut costs or sack staff. Moreover, governments tend to be more responsive to union pressure than private companies, and this prevents the mass sackings that are necessary to trim bloated government agencies."}
{'text': "The influence of money in sport has long been present, but in recent years, the sums involved have risen exponentially. Gone are the days of local footballers earning small sums of money playing for a local team; in 2009, Real Madrid paid a whopping €98 million to sign Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United, while Lionel Messi’s contract at FC Barcelona sees him earning €34 million. Outside football, the money is in fact even bigger; boxers Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao earned US$85million and US$62 million respectively in 2011. All of this also means that prices rise as well; a season ticket is now beyond the reach of traditional supporters.\n\nMotion: This House believes that there is too muchmoney in sport.\n\nAn argument for 'Sport, regretting the commercialisation of': Sportsmen and sportswomen simply do not deserve the inflated salaries they earn. For boxers such as May weather to have earned US$85 million in a year for just two fights is obscene when teachers and nurses are paid barely enough to makea living. The market is no longer paying what these people are worth; rather, structural problems in the market mean that sportsmen and sportswomen are systematically overpaid."}
{'text': "One thing that is indisputable in all debates about organs is that there is a shortage of them in almost every country in the world; people die daily waiting for donor organs.However, as soon as we proceed to the vexed question of how to solve that problem, huge ethical and economic debates open up. Aside from compulsory organ donation, creating a trade in organs is widely seen as the most common possible method by which we could increase organ availability. There are few examples of this policy in practice; only Iran currently allows the sale of human organs, although India did until 1994 and the Philippines until 2008. The Proposition team can, though they are not required to, bite the bullet and make the ability to obtain an organ depend on the ability to pay, but more commonly, will seek to buy organs through a national health system.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise the sale of organs.\n\nAn argument against 'Organs, legal sale of': Far from wiping out the black market, this policy will only encourage it. First, if organs can now be sold legally, that increases incentives to obtain them for free(by kidnap, or illegal purchase from countries like China that allegedly sell the organs of executed prisoners). Second, people will try to undercut the regulated market by reducing costs, meaning that all the problems remain."}
{'text': "Most countries, including the UK, have a minimum voting age of 18, but many countries, including Brazil, Austria and Nicaragua, have a voting age of 16. There is a lobby in the UK to lower the voting age to 16 and so this article deals with changing the voting age from 18 to 16. The arguments could be adapted to support a lower voting age; e.g. the start of high school or the age of criminal responsibility.\n\nMotion: This House would reduce the voting age to 16.\n\nAn argument for 'Voting age, reduction of': In society today, young people reach social and intellectual maturity at a younger age than ever before. By the age of 16 (and possibly 14), young people are well-informed and mature enough to vote."}
{'text': "The Commonwealth of Nations (or ‘The British Commonwealth’ until 1949) is a voluntary association of 54 nations (as of 2013) – each (except Mozambique and Rwanda) having once been a colony, protectorate or dependency of Britain, or of another Commonwealth country. In 1991, the Commonwealth Heads of Government issued the Harare Commonwealth Declaration stating the principles and purpose of the Commonwealth – co-operation in pursuit of world peace, commitment to the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights, opposition to all forms of racial oppression, commitment to the removal of disparities in living standards among member nations, equal rights for women, the rule of law and democratic government. In recent years, Nigeria, Pakistan, Zimbabwe and Fiji have all been suspended – one of the Commonwealth’s strongest sanctions – over military coups. Additionally, newly independent or only semi-recognised states, such as the Republic of South Sudan and Somaliland, have applied to join, welcoming the Commonwealth’s support and stamp of approval.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the Commonwealth.\n\nAn argument against 'Commonwealth, abolition of the': Powerful countries such as Britain can afford to ignore the policies and interests of the rest of the Commonwealth, and they sometimes do, unfortunately. But the real beneficiaries are the less developed and less powerful countries (e.g. Saint Kitts and Nevis, Sierra Leone, Tonga, The Gambia), whose heads of state can negotiate with the big world players at Commonwealth Heads of Government meetings, and can foster bilateral trade agreements and programmes of technical co-operation and education through the NGOs of the Commonwealth network. Moreover, Britain does also sometimes offer assistance to Commonwealth member states, such as its highly successful intervention in Sierra Leone in 2000."}
{'text': "The legalisation of drugs has long been an important issue, but in recent years, it has taken on a global dimension.‘Plan Colombia’, a scheme to encourage lawful enterprises in Colombia, has largely defeated the drug cartels in that country, but at the same time Mexico has collapsed into lawlessness at the hands of gangs. As well as the general debate about legalising all drugs, debates may arise about legalising specific drugs, or about more creative policies such as the legalisation of drugs within certain areas.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all drugs.\n\nAn argument against 'Drugs, legalisation of': The effects of soft drugs may be ‘comparable’ with those of alcohol and tobacco, but there are important differences. Cannabis and speed are mindaltering in a way that alcohol and tobacco are not. The fact that harmful and dangerous substances (tobacco and alcohol) are already, regrettably, socially entrenched is not a good reason to allow two more such substances to become more widely used and socially acceptable."}
{'text': "The actual act of prostitution – exchanging sex for money – is legal in many countries, although other practices associated with it are not. In Britain, for example, solicitation (i.e. negotiating with potential customers), advertising, ‘curb-crawling’ or running brothels (where two or more prostitutes work) are all illegal, while prostitution itself is not. In the USA, it is a misdemeanour, except in parts of Nevada. But that is not to say that Britain encourages prostitution – the act is legal because it happens behind closed doors and any law against it is unenforceable. This debate is therefore about the principle of tolerating open prostitution. A Proposition team may want to clarify whether they would legalise all practices related to prostitution, or whether they would have a more regulated system such as licensed brothels.\n\nMotion: This House would lift all restrictions onprostitution.\n\nAn argument against 'Prostitution, legalisation of': There should be stigma attached to a crime. We might as well legalise robbery to avoid endangering the future employment prospects of burglars."}
{'text': "Britain joined the European Union (then known as the European Economic Community) in 1973 and voted to remain a member state in a referendum in 1975. In the 1990s, the issue of whether to remain a member became more prominent and the UK refrained from further integration such as joining the euro. Much of the British press and public are Eurosceptic and UKIP (the UK Independence Party) has been growing its support, but the main political parties are all committed to staying in Europe. Do the benefits justify the political and economic costs?\n\nMotion: This House believes that the UK should leave the EU.\n\nAn argument for 'Should Britain leave the EU?': Public opinion in the UK favours leaving the EU, and so it would be the democratic thing to do. It would also be more democratic as it would transfer powers back to Westminster, which is a more accountable body. Leaving would restore sovereignty on the national level and bring decision making back closer to those affected."}
{'text': "There have been numerous global attempts to agree on limits to greenhouse gas emissions, but thus far, nothing on the global scale has succeeded; the Kyoto Protocol was rejected by the USA, withdrawn from by Canada, and had not imposed binding targets on the developing world anyway. The closest thing to a serious intercountry accord was the European Union’s cap-and-trade scheme, but that was largely disastrous, with limits set too high to be effective. This debate represents a radical departure from existing practice, to impose internationally binding obligations that require immediate action.\n\nMotion: This House supports internationally bindingemission targets for all countries.\n\nAn argument for 'Global warming, binding emission targets for': The pollution we have pumped into our atmosphere since the industrial revolution threatens to cause long-term climate change. In particular, CO2 from the burning of fossil fuels is thought to build up in the upper atmosphere and act like a greenhouse – letting sunlight in, but preventing heat from escaping. Projections show global temperatures rising by 3° Celsius in the next century, sufficient to melt the polar ice caps and cause widespread flooding. The four hottest years in recorded history have been in the last decade. Extreme weather phenomena have become more common, from droughts and floods in sub-Saharan Africa to water shortages in South-East England.Countries such as Bangladesh and some of the Pacific island states are in danger of being totally submerged in the near future if current levels of global warming continue. Binding targets are necessary to solve this problem."}
{'text': "An extremist political party could come from the extremes of the political left, but at present the most prominent are on the far right. Many European countries, such as the Netherlands, have seen a rise in support for far-right parties. Is the correct response to this to ban them? Can the restriction of democracy be justified by the harm these parties cause? A Proposition team may wish to consider how they define ‘extremism’ and who would make the ultimate decisions about which parties to ban.\n\nMotion: This House would ban extremist political parties.\n\nAn argument for 'Extremist political parties, banning of': Extremist political parties increase the amount of prejudice within society as they legitimise these views and give a platform for the dissemination of prejudice. If the National Front has the chance to campaign alongside the Socialist Party, then it appears their views are respectable and a genuine choice. As the rhetoric of the far right is often very seductive, it will use this to win support. The National Front won 17 per cent of the vote in the first ballot ofthe French elections in 2002, beating the Socialist Party."}
{'text': "The UN has certainly not been an unqualified success, but it has hardly been an unmitigated disaster either. The central point in this debate is to identify some theoretical framework or set of criteria in which to fit the numerous examples on both sides. For instance, the UN might be compared to its initial aims, or it might be said that those have evolved over time, or that the original charter is an overly demanding metric to use. As this debate is so fact-heavy, it is particularly important to be up to date on the UN’s work. There is also some confusion about exactly what counts as ‘the UN’, because organisations like the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bankare notionally connected to it, but financially and operationally separate; generally, these can be excluded as there is plenty of material without them.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the UN.\n\nAn argument for 'United Nations, failure of the': While there has not been a Third World War, this is nothing to do with the UN: rather, for 45 years, it was prevented by Mutual Assured Destruction (MAD) between the Cold War powers, which has now given way to economic common sense; war is simply too expensive for interconnected and globalised economies to engage in it."}
{'text': "The actual act of prostitution – exchanging sex for money – is legal in many countries, although other practices associated with it are not. In Britain, for example, solicitation (i.e. negotiating with potential customers), advertising, ‘curb-crawling’ or running brothels (where two or more prostitutes work) are all illegal, while prostitution itself is not. In the USA, it is a misdemeanour, except in parts of Nevada. But that is not to say that Britain encourages prostitution – the act is legal because it happens behind closed doors and any law against it is unenforceable. This debate is therefore about the principle of tolerating open prostitution. A Proposition team may want to clarify whether they would legalise all practices related to prostitution, or whether they would have a more regulated system such as licensed brothels.\n\nMotion: This House would lift all restrictions onprostitution.\n\nAn argument against 'Prostitution, legalisation of': The sale of sex debases an activity that is fulfilled only in loving relationships. In particular it encourages infidelity by offering an easy opportunity for consciencefree, extra-marital sex. The loving relationship is an ideal that should been couraged, and people who are less attractive or too shy should be made to see that they can have such a relationship, rather than being relegated to a lifetime of visiting prostitutes."}
{'text': "The debate about how to tackle global warming presents a paradox. On the one hand, most of the damage done to the environment historically was done by Western nations, which industrialised first, and reaped the economic benefits. On the other hand, many of the world’s most significant producers of CO2 today are developing countries, which are only just industrialising, and their role in CO2 emissions is only growing. China is the largest single polluter (though it pollutes less per person than the USA), with 16.4per cent of the global emissions total in 2011, with America a close second with 15.7per cent. Brazil, Indonesia, Russia and India (all developing as middle-income nations)occupy places three to six in the league table of carbon producers (though if the EU is counted as one entity rather than 27 separate countries, it rises to third place). This paradox therefore presents a difficult question: should developed countries bear more of the burden for reducing emissions and preventing global warming?\n\nMotion: This House believes that the developed worldshould bear the burden of fighting climatechange.\n\nAn argument for 'Environmental responsibility, developed world shouldtake more': Who is affected by emissions is not the question; what is important is who causes them. If we accept that it is possible for countries to owe obligations to those outside their borders, then surely the obligation not to create brutal environmental destruction is one of them? Moreover, if we were to deny that obligation, then treating the ‘developing world’ as a whole would make no sense; it is not a coherent collective that shares any kind of identity, so could not be expected to act in collec-tive interests."}
{'text': "A bill was passed through the House of Commons to legalise gay marriage in February 2013, but it remains a controversial topic in the UK and around the world. Many countries have now legalised it including the Netherlands, Spain and Canada, and it is legal in nine US states. Supporters of gay marriage see it as an important factor in equal rights, whereas its opponents see marriage as an inherently heterosexual union. A Proposition team may want to consider whether it would force religious institutions to marry gay couples, or whether it simply wants the union to be legally recognised where it is performed voluntarily by religious leaders or in civil ceremonies.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise gay marriage.\n\nAn argument against 'Gay marriage, legalising of': The financial advantages offered to married couples are not to encourage marriage for its own sake, but to encourage the creation of traditional family units.Child-support payments and tax relief on mortgages serve the same purpose – to encourage the creation of stable family homes. It is this that society seeks to encourage, not sexual unions per se."}
{'text': "Obviously, the social contract is a metaphor, but it is relied upon with disturbing regularity as obviously being something which exists and binds all members of a society.That view is a bad one, and wrong; however, there may be other ways of arguing for asocial contract which stand up to more scrutiny. Be careful, however, to establish what exactly it is that this ‘contract’ might sign us up for; many social contract arguments only aim to legitimate any kind of state, not a specific set of government policies.\n\nMotion: This House believes that there is no such thing as a social contract.\n\nAn argument for 'Social contract, existence of the': Humans did in the past consent to live in states. Not everyone alive today consents to the state, but that is because it is totally impractical to have a new consensual state-building process every time a new person enters the world. Rather, we are bound by the consent of our ancestors; that is what made the state legitimate in the first place."}
{'text': "Do referenda have a place in representative democracies? Some countries’ constitutionsdemand referenda on certain (often constitutional) issues. In other cases, it is up to thegovernment to call the referendum.The most common referenda deal with either moralquestions or constitutional issues which are seen as needing direct public involvement.Europe has seen a number of referenda on economic packages, such as bailouts, sincethe 2008 global financial crisis. In some countries such as Switzerland, the public cantrigger a referendum on any issue with a certain number of citizens backing it. The UK held a referendum on the Alternative Vote system in 2011.Would a move towardsfurther use of this participative model be beneficial, or is the reliance on electedrepresentatives to legislate on our behalf sufficient?\n\nMotion: This House calls for more use of the referen-dum.\n\nAn argument for 'Referenda, increased use of': Modern technology gives us the power to return to the Athenian ideal. It is now entirely practicable for every major policy decision to be made by referendavia the Internet."}
{'text': "Polygamy is the practice of marrying more than one person at the same time. It is illegal in much of the world today, but it is recognised in various Islamic countries including Saudi Arabia and some African countries. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints officially ended the practice of polygamy (or plural marriages) in Mormonism in 1890, but splinter groups still practise it today and many people associate polygamy with the Mormon community.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise polygamy.\n\nAn argument against 'Polygamy, legalisation of': It is hard to confirm the consent of all parties in a polygamous relationship, especially the original wife. Because of this, we cannot be sure that we would be protecting freedom of choice rather than allowing a man to force polygamy on an unwilling wife. If the woman does not believe in divorce or has no resources, she may feel trapped and unable to object. In this case, the woman would be harmed."}
{'text': "This links closely to the earlier debate about expansion of the European Union, but instead focuses on what the EU itself should do.While in many respects, the EU already resembles a single state (with its own currency and central bank, an apex [supreme]court and reams of legislation on the minutiae of central government), in others, it remains a union of independent, sovereign member states (each with their own military, fiscal policies and public services). This debate is about whether the EU should follow the US model and devolve much greater power to a central government, while allowing individual member states to retain small areas of autonomy.\n\nMotion: This House would federalise Europe.\n\nAn argument for 'United States of Europe': A federal Europe offers fascinating possibilities for multilevel governance; for instance, it is arguable that where the EU felt unable to legislate for the whole of Europe, it would instead devolve powers to regional or local government, which might be a far more appropriate decision-making body with better information and more accountability."}
{'text': "The norms for school dress code vary around the world from a strict uniform through dress codes to no, or very few, restrictions on clothing. This is usually a debate that school pupils themselves have very strong opinions on. A definition may want to address the age range it is targeting, and the anti-uniform side could clarify how free it wants dress to be.\n\nMotion: This House believes school uniforms are a good idea.\n\nAn argument for 'School uniform': A school should encourage tidiness and discipline in its pupils. A uniform aids this, whereas freedom of dress tends to make pupils too eager to express their individuality, becoming obsessed with clothes and appearance. Teenagers may often choose clothes that are unsuitable such as skirts which are too short or trousers which are too tight. There is also a widely accepted connection between smart dress and good behaviour as the clothes help to create a work ethos."}
{'text': "It is hard to know precisely how widespread torture by security services is, because it is typically kept secret, since it is a clear violation of international, European and (in most states) domestic law, which governments do not want to admit to. It is often referred to by euphemisms, of which ‘enhanced interrogation’ has recently become the best known. Torture techniques vary; some countries are thought to use beatings or electric shocks to torture, but Western techniques tend to be more clinical; IRA suspects were often forced to stand in uncomfortable positions for hours on end, or subjected to light and noise torture, while the US military at Guantanamo Bay used ‘water-boarding’, wheresuspects are wrapped in cling film and have water poured on them to simulate drowning. It is hard to know exactly how much information is obtained from torture, given that it is so secret. It is also hard to deal with the problem of complicity with torture, because many security services who practise it routinely are those with whom Western intelligence must co-operate (in the Middle East and South Asia); inconsequence, even when they do not know about it directly, the CIA and MI6 will often be working from information obtained via torture.\n\nMotion: This House believes that torture is a necessaryevil.\n\nAn argument against 'Terrorist suspects, torture of': Rather than producing large amounts of information, torture is necessarily highly limited for two reasons. First, terrorists can give false information, which may in fact lead us down the wrong path in the shortterm; such false ‘leads’ can in fact damage anti-terrorist measures overall. Second, they may well not possess the information being sought, and so will say anything to get out of the situation.Again, this leads to incorrect information."}
{'text': "Utilitarianism is almost certainly the best known moral framework, but it is often used imprecisely.That is perhaps the fault of the slogan coined by Jeremy Bentham (1776) in A Fragment on Government,advocating the ‘greatest happiness of the greatest number’. But as a moment’s reflection shows, that is not one principle, but two. There might be some hypothetical situations where we can, for instance, increase 20 people’s happiness by one unit, or 10 people’s by three units; in such a case, the ‘greatest happiness’ would commend the latter, but the ‘greatest number’ would commend the former. Put simply,utilitarians believe in creating the greatest amount of happiness possible.That may sound like an intuitively plausible claim, but as the following arguments show, it is far from obvious that utilitarianism is the correct moral world view.This raises a final important point; utilitarianism may be deployed in many debates, but it must be argued for. Simply to say ‘According to John Stuart Mill’s principle of utilitarianism . . .’ does not advance the debate.\n\nMotion: This House would maximise happiness.\n\nAn argument for 'Utilitarianism': Utilitarianism allows us to make tradeoffs. A rights-based or duty-based ethical theory may leave us with unsolvable conflicts; when the right to life and the right to bodily autonomy conflict in the case of torturing a terrorist for potentially life-saving information, how are we to decide which one is more important? By contrast, utilitarianism is simply a matter of totting up the numbers, and this, at least in principle, gives us an answer. Moreover, work in behavioural economics and psychology has given us a much better idea of how actually to measure happiness; now, more than ever, utilitarianism can guide real-world choice making."}
{'text': "Sanctions refer to any measures (economic, cultural or diplomatic) which target a country for specific policies or institutional structures (such as dictatorship). In the past, sanctions were applied on a broad-brush basis, to prohibit or severely limit all contact with a country (such as funnelling nearly all the money that went into Iraq through the UN Oil-for-Food programme; or the international prohibition on trade with Burma), but increasingly, those are being replaced by ‘smart sanctions’, which shut down the bank accounts and companies of specific individuals within a regime (such as the sanctions on Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwean regime), and often for a specific purpose (for instance, the prevention of Iran’s nuclear weapons programme).\n\nMotion: This House believes that sanctions do moreharm than good.\n\nAn argument for 'Sanctions, use of': Even if sanctions are often ineffective, to continue to trade with ‘nasty’ regimes represents complicity in their actions. Too often in the past we have sold them arms, trained their soldiers or bought their oil, diamonds, gold or crops; that makes us directly involved in their actions in an unacceptable way."}
{'text': "This debate focuses on whether democracy can and should be imposed by military, diplomatic or economic action. However, it is often hard to disentangle such interventions from their other possible motives; for instance, while many think that the intervention in Iraq (from 2003) was essentially to impose democracy, cynics say that it was more about obtaining oil, and the official line remains that it was to prevent Saddam Hussein’s development of Weapons of Mass Destruction. Both teams must avoid descending into ‘example ping-pong’, in which they simply list case studies, but must deconstruct the actual reasons that those particular instances have succeeded or failed.\n\nMotion: This House would impose democracy with thebarrel of a gun.\n\nAn argument for 'Democracy, imposition of': As well as imposing democracy through force, it should also be promoted peacefully through diplomacy, trade and aid. In such cases, countries can choose whether to listen to us, but we can make their people well aware of our commitment to democracy and the reasons for it; for instance, through the BBC World Service. Choosing only to trade with or give aid to other democracies is sensible as their economies are more stable and anyuse of aid can be openly monitored."}
{'text': "Some countries, such as Australia, fund their political parties through tax payers’ money.Other countries, including the UK, require their political parties to fundraise to meet their costs. Which system is fairer and more democratic? The different models for state funding are complex, but it may be worth a Proposition team giving some details about the system they would use as it can affect the arguments. It is possible, however, to have the debate in principle and this article looks at the arguments as they work across various models. There is an interesting related debate on capping campaign expenditure which also seeks to create a more transparent political system.\n\nMotion: This House supports state funding of politicalparties.\n\nAn argument against 'State funding of political parties': State funding of political parties is a waste of taxpayers’ money and there is little public support for it. Most people believe that there are better things to spend their taxes on than political parties."}
{'text': "Vegetarianism has always been an alternative lifestyle that has been practised by some proponents of animal rights, by a faction of the health-conscious and by some religions. In recent years, however, it has taken on an environmental dimension with some green campaigners saying that widespread vegetarianism could be crucial to the planet’s future.It is unlikely that this debate would call for a law banning the eating of meat; rather, it should debate the practical and moral advantages and disadvantages of the lifestyle choice. See the introduction to the debate on ‘animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of ’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘animal rights’ (Section A) for an overview on the issues of animal welfare.\n\nMotion: This House believes that meat is murder.\n\nAn argument against 'Vegetarianism': Modern farming techniques may often be cramped, but we cannot assume that chickens or calves really have much of anawareness of their quality of life anyway. Their slaughter is generally swift and painless. If it is thought to be very important, free-range chickens, eggs and meat can be purchased to ensure that the animal one is eating had a natural and more varied life."}
{'text': "Obviously, the social contract is a metaphor, but it is relied upon with disturbing regularity as obviously being something which exists and binds all members of a society.That view is a bad one, and wrong; however, there may be other ways of arguing for asocial contract which stand up to more scrutiny. Be careful, however, to establish what exactly it is that this ‘contract’ might sign us up for; many social contract arguments only aim to legitimate any kind of state, not a specific set of government policies.\n\nMotion: This House believes that there is no such thing as a social contract.\n\nAn argument against 'Social contract, existence of the': Not leaving a coercive force does not amount to accepting it. First, for many people, the cost of emigration is simply prohibitively expensive, and the demand that is made on them by asking them to leave their states is an unreasonable one, because they have families and lives built up there. Second, the world is covered entirely in sovereign states; even the worst examples have notional governments with police forces and law courts to enforce them.We can only hop from state to state,but we cannot go and live somewhere without one, which is the option that would be required to establish tacit consent."}
{'text': "Since the establishment of the Scottish Parliament and the Assemblies in Northern Ireland and Wales, there has been a discussion of whether England also needs its own parliament or whether Westminster is adequate representation.\n\nMotion: This House supports the creation of an English Parliament.\n\nAn argument for 'English Parliament': It would be better for Westminster. There would be more time to work on truly UK-wide issues such as the economy, defence and foreign affairs."}
{'text': "Currently in Britain, the Church of England is ‘established’.This means that Anglican Christianity is the official religion of Great Britain. The monarch is head of the Church of England. In addition, senior bishops of the Church of England can sit in the House of Lords. There have been increasing calls for the disestablishment of the Church of England – the ending of its privileged status as the official religion of Britain – from many quarters, both within and outside the Church itself.\n\nMotion: This House calls for the disestablishment of the Church of England.\n\nAn argument against 'Disestablishment of the Church of England': The Church of England has been central to British history for 400 years and still plays a vital role. Historically, Christianity has been fully engaged with secular laws, wars and social policies. The separation of church and state is a development of the past century or two. It is right that moral and spiritual leaders should be involved in political decision making. It cannot be denied that religion is still vitally important for a great many people. The Christianity represented by the Church of England is not an exclusivist religion – there are few of other faiths who view it with hostility. Indeed, Muslim and Jewish leaders oppose disestablishment."}
{'text': "It is generally agreed that we are living in an increasingly sexualised society and that children are exposed to the world of sex earlier than ever before. Many countries are seeing increased teenage pregnancy, abortion and STD rates. How should schools respond to this? By teaching more sex education and doing it earlier or by preaching abstinence?\n\nMotion: This House would keep the bedroom out of theclassroom.\n\nAn argument for 'Sex education': The increase in sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) is due to ignorance about safe sex. In this age, when chlamydia, herpes, gonorrhoea and HIV are being passed on through sex, and only individual responsibility with condoms can prevent it, a full discussion is essential. Sex education must form a significant part of the curriculum."}
{'text': "The norms for school dress code vary around the world from a strict uniform through dress codes to no, or very few, restrictions on clothing. This is usually a debate that school pupils themselves have very strong opinions on. A definition may want to address the age range it is targeting, and the anti-uniform side could clarify how free it wants dress to be.\n\nMotion: This House believes school uniforms are a good idea.\n\nAn argument for 'School uniform': School teachers must manage a large number of pupils in a variety of situations. Uniforms inevitably make that task much easier when the pupils are out in public, on school trips. It is an administrative nightmare trying to monitor a group of pupils who are dressed casually. Uniforms also allow the public to recognise pupils and report bad (or good) behaviour back to the school."}
{'text': "The British Broadcasting Service (BBC) is a public service broadcasting corporation funded from a licence fee. Anybody who has a television set or uses a computer or phone to watch television in real time must pay the licence fee. The fee is set by government and in 2013, stood at £145.50. The BBC was set up in the 1920s and has grown to encompass eight television channels, 10 radio stations and a website. Many people believe that the BBC is a national treasure which must be protected, but there is a growing voice calling for it to be privatised.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the BBC should beprivatised.\n\nAn argument for 'BBC, privatisation of': The licence fee is unfair in principle as you have to pay it even if you never watch the BBC. People should not be made to pay for a non-essential service that they do not want, need or use."}
{'text': "It is a tribute to the speed of the rise of the online social network that, when this book’s last edition was published in 1999, it is arguable that not a single social network existed. Early context-specific social networks like Friends Reunited and Classmates emerged in 2000, followed by more general ones such as Myspace, Bebo and Friendster in 2002 and 2003. But perhaps equally telling is that a teenager using Facebook today may wellnot even have heard of the above, let alone used them, because Facebook and Twitter, founded in 2004 and 2006 respectively, have swept through all competition, and become the all-consuming means of online communication. This debate understandably focuses on them.\n\nMotion: This House believes that social networking hasmade us better off.\n\nAn argument for 'Social networking has improved our lives': Social networks allow us to have greater control over our identities. We can let others know more precisely what our preferences are by ‘liking’ the relevant movies, bands or brands. We can post quotations which express our political or philosophical views. All of this allows us to cultivate a personality that goes beyond a few short personal meetings, and also to seek out like-minded people more easily;we do not need to have an initial conversation with them, because we know they share our interests from their online presence."}
{'text': "This debate is clearly a broad one, about a spectrum of different cases; no one would advocate abolishing prison altogether, but equally, very few people think it should be possible to imprison someone for literally any crime. The central theme is about a comparison between different systems. In Norway, prison sentences are very rare, and the country has just a single prison, which is broadly quite ‘soft’; prisoners are allowed to leave their cells at most times, and are referred to primarily as ‘students’, as they spend most of their time in education. By contrast, in the USA, more than 2 million people are imprisoned at any one time, with a further 5 million on parole or probation (allowing them to be called back if they misbehave); this means that fully 2.2 per cent of the US population is under ‘correctional supervision’.\n\nMotion: This House would condemn more and under-stand less.\n\nAn argument against 'Prison v. rehabilitation': The autonomous morally responsible self is a myth. The victims of sexual abusers do not go on to become sexual abusers themselves just because, by coincidence, they are morally wicked people too. Children brought up with poverty, drugs and violence do not grow up to be criminals or drug users because they are just morally bad individuals. The advocate of radical individual responsibility is peddling an ineffective, simplistic and vindictive myth. In truth, criminal behaviours have complex psychological and social causes that stretch well beyond the boundary of the individual. Parents, teachers and society at large must be responsible for teaching by example and understanding and healing disturbed individuals. Social regeneration through employment, reintegration of offenders into communities, the renewal of the family, counselling and psychiatry, rather than blank retribution through imprisonment, are the ways to reduce crime."}
{'text': "City centres around the world have taken different approaches to dealing with the gridlock and pollution that an abundance of cars can cause. London has a congestion charge, Los Angeles and Sydney have ‘carpool’ lanes and Athens restricts the days on which cars can enter the city. This debate suggests going further with an outright ban on cars in city centres. A definition should make sure to detail any exemptions the Proposition team wishes to make, such as emergency vehicles, taxis, deliveries or cars for people with disabilities, but be aware that too many exemptions could weaken the case.\n\nMotion: This House would ban cars from city centres.\n\nAn argument for 'Cars in city centres, banning of': We must lower CO2 emission levels to address global warming and cars are major contributors. If we were to ban cars from city centres, we would significantly reduce the overall number of journeys taken by car and we might well see lower car ownership overall. This would be good for the planet."}
{'text': "In the USA, a candidate must be 25 to stand for the House of Representatives, 30 for the Senate and 35 for president. In Italy, a candidate must be 50 or more to stand for president; and in Germany, the age limit is 40 to stand for chancellor, though the country allows 18 year olds to stand for other positions. Are all these restrictions ageist and should the age of candidacy for all positions be the same as the voting age? In countries such as Australia and Denmark, 18 year olds may stand for any office. In Britain, the minimum age to stand for parliament was lowered from 21 to 18 in 2007. Is this more democratic and representative or is it reckless?\n\nMotion: This House would allow 18 year olds to stand for office.\n\nAn argument for 'Political candidacy, age of': Being an MP or representative is not the same as being a business person. An elected representative merely needs to present an open and articulate channel of communication for those whom he or she represents. Intelligence, listening skills, openness, integrity and articulacy are all skills that can be well developed by the age of 18. If the electorate does not want to trust a particular 18 year old, it will not vote for that person."}
{'text': "Gambling can cover many activities from betting on sports results, to buying a ticket for the national lottery, to playing cards or slot machines in a casino. Some forms of gambling are illegal or heavily regulated in many countries. In the twenty-first century, the debate has changed some what because of the emergence of the huge online gambling market. A debate could focus on Internet gambling or it could look at all forms of the activity.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all gambling for peopleunder 21.\n\nAn argument for 'Gambling, banning of': We cannot shut down every private card game, but we can do a lot to limit people’s exposure and opportunities. If there were no bookmakers on your highstreet and no online poker site on your browser, you would be less likely to fall into gambling in the first place, and thusless likely to become addicted, even if you do have a first experience of gambling. By removing advertising for state lotteries and casinos and taking away the flashing lights of slot machines, you also reduce the allure of gambling."}
{'text': "This debate draws on the presence and growing use of voluntary ‘fat camps’, or weight-loss camps, in the USA, the UK and Canada to deal with the problem of obesity, especially childhood obesity. They involve people voluntarily checking into residential camps where they eat carefully prescribed diets, away from temptation, and exercise heavily. They can also involve nutrition classes and cognitive behavioural therapy designed to achieve positive long-term outcomes. This policy obviously varies in making them compulsory.\n\nMotion: This House would force obese children toattend weight-loss camps.\n\nAn argument against 'Obese children, compulsory attendance at weight-loss camps': Although the harms of obesity are undeniably great, they are rarely so urgentas to warrant immediate intervention. Slow but steady weight loss is healthier,more durable and more appropriate to the problem at hand."}
{'text': "Boxing is a combat sport where two people fight by throwing punches with gloved hands. It originated in Ancient Greece and is an Olympic sport. It is a popular sport in many countries today, but it has many opponents who believe that it is barbaric and that the harm done to the boxers themselves and to society as a whole merits a ban. The arguments in this debate broadly apply to other contact sports (or ‘collision’ sports in some terminology) such as some martial arts or rugby.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish contact sports.\n\nAn argument against 'Boxing, banning of': It is simplistic to believe that admiration for boxers leads to violent behaviour. People find all sorts of scapegoats for the incidence of violent behaviour – television, films, video games, sports – but in fact, violence endures no matter what forms of sport and entertainment prevail. In the nineteenth century, bare-knuckle boxing, a more brutal sport than modern boxing, was immensely popular, but it does not seem that teenagers were more violent then than they are now. Boxing could actually help to make our streets safer by providing a structured outlet for aggression. There are many inner-city programmes that teach boxing to teenage boys to get them away from gangs and into gyms."}
{'text': "Pornography laws vary from country to country. The Internet has changed the nature of the debate as anyone with a computer now has unlimited access to a vast world of online pornography. It is harder to regulate both the production and the viewing of pornography in this area, so is it time to accept it as a healthy part of our sexuality? It is assumed in this debate that anything that is illegal in reality should also be in pornography, so child pornography, rape, bestiality, etc. are outside the scope of the debate and the Proposition team should clarify that.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all adult porno-graphy.\n\nAn argument against 'Pornography': Pornography is infiltrating every aspect of the media, from music videos and underwear advertisements to ‘lifestyle’ magazines and tabloid newspapers. Some urgent action needs to be taken to counteract this cultural trend. It is disingenuous to suggest that pictures of men and women are used equally to sell products. It is almost exclusively pictures of the half-naked bodies of women that are used, and these pornographic images continue progressively to undermine respect for women as individual human beings."}
{'text': "This debate addresses the question of whether we need to take any action to counteract the perceived dominance of older and more established figures in political life. It also raises the question of whether politics should be perceived as a career in itself. At presentin the UK, there is no limit to the number of terms in office that an MP can serve, whether as a back-bencher, a minister, or even as prime minister. In the USA, there is no limit for members of the House of Representatives, but an individual may only serve as president for a maximum of two terms. A definition should clarify whether the debate is only about executive positions or also about members of the legislature. It will probably also want to set the number of terms and whether the limits are consecutive or lifetime.\n\nMotion: This House would limit the term of politicians.\n\nAn argument for 'Term limits for politicians': Once elected, politicians enjoy a significant ‘incumbency factor’. The publicity that their post affords them and the apparatus available to them provide a significant advantage to them and a disadvantage to their opponents; this is unfair and undemocratic."}
{'text': "Frank Sinatra once sang that ‘love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage’. Did this view die with Sinatra in 1998 or is it still a defensible one? Is there something special about marriage that differentiates it from the ever more popular arrangement of cohabitation? Does marriage provide children with a more stable family home, or is the marital status of their parents (or parent) immaterial?\n\nMotion: This House would get married for the sake ofthe children.\n\nAn argument against 'Marriage': Parents do not need to be married in order to provide a stable home life for their children. It is the quality of the relationship that matters, not whether a marriage licence has been signed. If parents fight or a relationship ends, it will affect the children regardless of whether their parents are married."}
{'text': "Currently in Britain, the Church of England is ‘established’.This means that Anglican Christianity is the official religion of Great Britain. The monarch is head of the Church of England. In addition, senior bishops of the Church of England can sit in the House of Lords. There have been increasing calls for the disestablishment of the Church of England – the ending of its privileged status as the official religion of Britain – from many quarters, both within and outside the Church itself.\n\nMotion: This House calls for the disestablishment of the Church of England.\n\nAn argument against 'Disestablishment of the Church of England': These are academic niceties of symbolic importance only. Attacking establishment can accomplish little in practice, and ignores the real problems of prejudice and religious mistrust. Disestablishment would send out a strong signal that there is no place for religion in modern society. Instead of taking away the secular and political role of the Church of England, all major religions should be given some degree of representation in parliament and by the royal family. Leaders of other religions should be given a place in the House of Lords. Charles, Prince of Wales, has already stated that he sees himself as a ‘Defender of Faith’ in a multicultural Britain rather than ‘Defender of the(Christian) Faith’. Religious discrimination can be ended by making the establishment multi-faith rather than no-faith."}
{'text': "It is difficult to define a cultural treasure, but the Proposition team must have a go, and perhaps nominate a body that will make specific decisions. Treasures can be defined as including relics, documents, artefacts, etc. The British are most under pressure to return many treasures held in the British Museum and so the arguments highlight them and high-profile treasures such as the Parthenon (or Elgin) Marbles from Greece, the Rosetta Stone and artefacts from the Tomb of Tutankhamun from Egypt, and the Benin Bronzes from Nigeria. Other countries, however, can also be included; for example, there are Korean treasures, taken during the Korean War, in the Smithsonian in Washington, DC.\n\nMotion: This House would return cultural treasures totheir country of origin.\n\nAn argument against 'Cultural treasures, returning of': These artefacts represent an important part of British cultural heritage – the empire and the exploration and excavation periods. For example, school children in the UK study Howard Carter and the discovery of Tutankhamun. Objects can become important to their host country while their country of origin values themless."}
{'text': "In the USA, a candidate must be 25 to stand for the House of Representatives, 30 for the Senate and 35 for president. In Italy, a candidate must be 50 or more to stand for president; and in Germany, the age limit is 40 to stand for chancellor, though the country allows 18 year olds to stand for other positions. Are all these restrictions ageist and should the age of candidacy for all positions be the same as the voting age? In countries such as Australia and Denmark, 18 year olds may stand for any office. In Britain, the minimum age to stand for parliament was lowered from 21 to 18 in 2007. Is this more democratic and representative or is it reckless?\n\nMotion: This House would allow 18 year olds to stand for office.\n\nAn argument against 'Political candidacy, age of': Reducing the age of eligibility would only fuel the problem that many countries are seeing of career politicians. If an 18 year old has a desire to be a politician, they should go out into the world first to get some experience of life."}
{'text': "Pornography laws vary from country to country. The Internet has changed the nature of the debate as anyone with a computer now has unlimited access to a vast world of online pornography. It is harder to regulate both the production and the viewing of pornography in this area, so is it time to accept it as a healthy part of our sexuality? It is assumed in this debate that anything that is illegal in reality should also be in pornography, so child pornography, rape, bestiality, etc. are outside the scope of the debate and the Proposition team should clarify that.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all adult porno-graphy.\n\nAn argument for 'Pornography': The more types of pornography that are legally recognised, the more those involved in the production can be protected. Illegal pornography is a shady world, but a regulated industry could ensure proper pay and working conditions for its workers."}
{'text': "Gambling can cover many activities from betting on sports results, to buying a ticket for the national lottery, to playing cards or slot machines in a casino. Some forms of gambling are illegal or heavily regulated in many countries. In the twenty-first century, the debate has changed some what because of the emergence of the huge online gambling market. A debate could focus on Internet gambling or it could look at all forms of the activity.\n\nMotion: This House would ban all gambling for peopleunder 21.\n\nAn argument against 'Gambling, banning of': The gambling industries provide services that bring people excitement, hope and sometimes wealth. The demand for gambling industries is there and its supply does not harm anybody other than those voluntarily taking risks for themselves. Banning gambling will harm the economy, lead to huge job losses and, in the case of state lotteries, reduce revenue to the government and charities."}
{'text': "The continued and rising death toll from gun crime in the USA often makes it seembaffling that that country has stuck so closely to the right to bear arms contained in the Second Amendment to its Constitution, but there is still strong public support for it. The most high-profile incidents tend to occur in schools and universities (Columbine High, Virginia Tech, Sandy Hook), but gun crime clearly in fact kills far more people as a result of gang violence and other more run-of-the-mill crime. This debate requires the Proposition team to take a strong, principled stance on self-defence, but even so, they cannot ignore practical consequences.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the right to bear armsis dependent on the existence of a ‘well-regulated militia’.\n\nAn argument against 'Right to bear arms': Tragedies such as the massacre at Sandy Hook in November 2012 are the indirect result of the ownership of handguns. The Columbine High School shooter (2004) had been able to own guns in advance of his shooting and practise his actions; if that had not been allowed, he would not have been able to use a gun and the tragedy would most likely not have occurred. Banning handguns would not eliminate such tragedies altogether, but would significantly reduce their incidence. Therewould simply be fewer guns in circulation and fewer people capable of using them."}
{'text': "Pornography laws vary from country to country. The Internet has changed the nature of the debate as anyone with a computer now has unlimited access to a vast world of online pornography. It is harder to regulate both the production and the viewing of pornography in this area, so is it time to accept it as a healthy part of our sexuality? It is assumed in this debate that anything that is illegal in reality should also be in pornography, so child pornography, rape, bestiality, etc. are outside the scope of the debate and the Proposition team should clarify that.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all adult porno-graphy.\n\nAn argument against 'Pornography': Elements of human sexuality can be explored in music, poetry, literature, theatre and films in more subtle, interesting and erotic ways. Pornography is trash in comparison – simply bad photography and bad writing of the most superficial kind."}
{'text': "The concept of an unmanned military aircraft is almost as old as the use of air power itself; one was first tested in 1916 for the Royal Air Force’s use in the First World War. However, they have, naturally, developed hugely in recent years, and are now inwide spread use in military operations around the world. They are also used for numerous purposes; sometimes they are simply for intelligence gathering, but they are also often deployed as part of the USA’s programme of covert assassination of terrorist leaders in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen. Drones began as a tool to support conventional operations on the battlefield, but in 2002, a Predator drone was used by the CIA to kill alleged terrorists in Yemen, and they are now regularly used off the battlefield. Worries that they might fall into the wrong hands were crystallised in 2011, when Iran captured an American RQ-170 drone which had been spying in its airspace. There are question marks about their legitimacy in international law, given that they are typically used for targeted assassinations, but there are no express rules governing their use at present.\n\nMotion: This House would ban private military companies.\n\nAn argument for 'Private military corporations, banning of': Drones are intimately connected to the broader policy of extra-judicial assassination of terrorists outside war zones, which is a highly damaging one. Drones make that policy possible because they do not create the risk of a pilot being shot down over a non-combatant state (who would therefore not be protected by the laws of war), and also because they do not require air bases or carriers in the region. The policy of extra-judicial assassination is a clear violation of international law, and radicalises populations and governments which were not previously involved at all in the ‘War on Terror’."}
{'text': "This debate will inevitably tend to focus on bankers, because their bonuses tend to cause such uproar in the media, but bonuses are also a very common way of remunerating all sorts of executives. Many states have taken steps to limit bonuses, both in state-owned banks (especially the UK) and private sector ones too (e.g. Switzerland). Bonuses can come in cash or shares; the latter can be less desirable to CEOs especially, as they are often prevented from selling them for a limited period. Inevitably, steps might be taken to evade such limits.\n\nMotion: This House would ban bonuses.\n\nAn argument against 'Bonuses, banning of': Bonuses align incentives perfectly with the firm’s overall goals. Companies should take risks, and that is healthy.Indeed, paying only a flat salary is much more problematic, because workers have no incentive to do more than the basic requirements of their job. Moreover, as this policy requires firms to increase base salaries, they will suffer major cash-flow problems, as they will now have much higher base costs even when not making profits."}
{'text': "It is generally agreed that we are living in an increasingly sexualised society and that children are exposed to the world of sex earlier than ever before. Many countries are seeing increased teenage pregnancy, abortion and STD rates. How should schools respond to this? By teaching more sex education and doing it earlier or by preaching abstinence?\n\nMotion: This House would keep the bedroom out of theclassroom.\n\nAn argument against 'Sex education': School is not an arena in which teenagers take such things seriously. Any discussion of sex in a classroom is likely to lead to ridicule, especially in co-educational classes. Respect for sex can only be encouraged on a one-to-one basis, probably in the family by older siblings or parents. To try to teach it in school can only be detrimental."}
{'text': "This debate addresses the question of whether we need to take any action to counteract the perceived dominance of older and more established figures in political life. It also raises the question of whether politics should be perceived as a career in itself. At presentin the UK, there is no limit to the number of terms in office that an MP can serve, whether as a back-bencher, a minister, or even as prime minister. In the USA, there is no limit for members of the House of Representatives, but an individual may only serve as president for a maximum of two terms. A definition should clarify whether the debate is only about executive positions or also about members of the legislature. It will probably also want to set the number of terms and whether the limits are consecutive or lifetime.\n\nMotion: This House would limit the term of politicians.\n\nAn argument against 'Term limits for politicians': There are other checks against abuse of power in a democratic system – the legislature, the media, the courts and the electorate themselves. If all of these bodies are happy with the work of a politician, why should they not be allowed to continue to serve?"}
{'text': "In 2013, 58 countries still use the death penalty as a form of punishment. The vast majority of executions take place in China, which is thought to execute more than 4,000 people a year; Iran comes second with about 400; no other state executes more than 100 prisoners a year. As such, it is a punishment mostly used sparingly and for the most serious crimes; murder is the primary one, though some countries retain it for drug-related offences as well. The methods of capital punishment also vary; some US states retain the use of gas chambers to execute prisoners, but most use lethal injection.\n\nMotion: This House would reintroduce the death penalty.\n\nAn argument against 'Capital punishment': A single mistaken execution of an innocent person, among no matter how many thousands of cases, is utterly unjustifiable and is enough to destroy our trust in the death penalty and in any judicial system that uses it. Rehabilitation is part of the purpose of punishment, and who is to say that any guilty criminal cannot be reformed? Any prisoner must be given every chance to come to terms with their wrongdoing and perhaps be rehabilitated into society – a chance that execution denies."}
{'text': "It is difficult to define a cultural treasure, but the Proposition team must have a go, and perhaps nominate a body that will make specific decisions. Treasures can be defined as including relics, documents, artefacts, etc. The British are most under pressure to return many treasures held in the British Museum and so the arguments highlight them and high-profile treasures such as the Parthenon (or Elgin) Marbles from Greece, the Rosetta Stone and artefacts from the Tomb of Tutankhamun from Egypt, and the Benin Bronzes from Nigeria. Other countries, however, can also be included; for example, there are Korean treasures, taken during the Korean War, in the Smithsonian in Washington, DC.\n\nMotion: This House would return cultural treasures totheir country of origin.\n\nAn argument against 'Cultural treasures, returning of': Because cultural treasures belong to the world, we should have the best access for the world. Cities such as London are a huge draw for tourists, so many people from around the world can see and enjoy the treasures while on a visit. Such cities also have the infrastructure to support these tourists and their viewing, and London is safe in a way that countries like Egypt and Ethiopia are not."}
{'text': "This debate looks at the harms and the benefits of immigration and is a very emotive subject in many countries. Levels of immigration vary greatly from country to country and the models used differ vastly, so the clearest debates will probably focus on one country or will look at the principle that immigration does more harm than good. It may make more sense within a particular jurisdiction to debate relaxing the immigration laws. These arguments are focused on economic migration with an assumption that a country will fulfil its duty to take asylum seekers.\n\nMotion: This House would shut the door to immigrants.\n\nAn argument for 'Immigration, limitation of': Immigrants pose an economic threat to existent citizens. Skilled immigrants coming from abroad reduce the need to invest in domestic training in professions such as medicine and engineering. In both skilled and unskilled work, there is a risk of wage deflation as immigrants undercut domestic workers. In times of unemployment, immigrants may take jobs which would otherwise go to citizens."}
{'text': "In some countries, especially the USA, criminal trials are commonly televised, and can be both broadcast live in full, or shown in highlight form. In other countries, especially the UK, there has generally been a strong ban on such coverage, although in 2004 it was briefly experimented with. This debate is about criminal trials; civil cases are rarely dramatic enough, or of enough public interest, for anyone to care about broadcasting them (although the UK Supreme Court does live-stream its hearings on the Internet, without many viewers!). Perhaps the most famous example is the 1995 trial of former American footballer O. J. Simpson for the murder of his ex-wife and a male friend, but other high-profile cases, such as singer Michael Jackson’s sexual abuse trial, have also been broadcast.\n\nMotion: This House would put cameras in the court-room.\n\nAn argument for 'Televised trials': Currently, judicial proceedings are only accessible to the public at large via news reports in the media, which are partial and potentially biased. The television camera does not lie. Allowing TV cameras in courts will provide full,accurate and honest coverage of exactly what happens in any given case. Whatever media spin or reportage is laid over the TV coverage, the proceedings will be in full view of the public, which at the moment they are not."}
{'text': "Do referenda have a place in representative democracies? Some countries’ constitutionsdemand referenda on certain (often constitutional) issues. In other cases, it is up to thegovernment to call the referendum.The most common referenda deal with either moralquestions or constitutional issues which are seen as needing direct public involvement.Europe has seen a number of referenda on economic packages, such as bailouts, sincethe 2008 global financial crisis. In some countries such as Switzerland, the public cantrigger a referendum on any issue with a certain number of citizens backing it. The UK held a referendum on the Alternative Vote system in 2011.Would a move towardsfurther use of this participative model be beneficial, or is the reliance on electedrepresentatives to legislate on our behalf sufficient?\n\nMotion: This House calls for more use of the referen-dum.\n\nAn argument for 'Referenda, increased use of': Political systems often fall out of touch with the public. There are many issues where the will of the public is simply ignored because the major parties agree; e.g. the British public would almost certainly vote for capital punishment if their politicians allowed them to. Genuine democracy would circumvent the parties’ prejudices and put power back in the hands of the people."}
{'text': "This debate looks at whether being an elected representative should be a full-time job,or whether politicians should be able to balance it with other paid work. Do we value politicians more if they devote their time while in government solely to politics, or do we welcome the idea of elected representatives having business interests outside their political role?\n\nMotion: This House would ban politicians from having outside interests.\n\nAn argument against 'Politicians’ outside interests, banning of': The recent trend for politics to be populated by career politicians is deplorable. Few ‘normal’ people would enter politics if they had to abandon their previous life, especially as the salaries of most politicians are actually very small. It is far better to allow outside interests and attract, for example, experienced business people or lawyers to parliament."}
{'text': "Debates about organ donation fall into two categories: those about how to increase the overall size of the donor pool, to reduce scarcity of organs; and those about how to allocate scarce organs. While the former are more common, the latter are also vitally important. Given that organ scarcity is not going away any time soon, we also need to think about the questions of principle and policy about how we give them out. Most states adopt a broadly similar system of allocating organs based on need, without regard to other factors, which means that patients typically have to wait until they are very ill for transplant organs. The policy proposed here is already often enforced in a minimal form; for instance, by denying liver transplants to alcoholics who have failed to stop drinking. The policy is not mutually exclusive of other systems of allocation, such as the sale of organs or prioritising those who are registered donors themselves, but gives substantially greater weight to people’s prior choices. There is also a related debate about prioritising a healthy lifestyle in other medical treatment such as changing the order on waiting lists for surgery in favour of those who follow a healthy lifestyle, or (in national health services) denying costly treatment to smokers or the obese.\n\nMotion: This House would prioritise those who havelived healthy lives when allocating organs fortransplants.\n\nAn argument against 'Organ donation: priority for healthy lifestyle': The main consequences of this policy fall overwhelmingly on the poor. Obesity, alcoholism and drugs are all, for various tragic social reasons, problems which occur predominantly in poor areas. For instance, ready meals tend to be cheaper than fresh food, and so eating healthily is much harder on a lower income. This policy thus disproportionately punishes those who, through no fault of their own, have less money, which also sends the message that the state considers the poorless worthy of life."}
{'text': "Abortion was always considered sinful, and was criminalised in Britain and most states of the USA in the nineteenth century. Backstreet abortions became a usual way to limit the size of families. In Britain, the 1967 Abortion Act legalised abortion when it was advised by a doctor on medical grounds. In the USA, the Roev. Wade case of 1973 in the Supreme Court set down the principle that in the first three months, abortion is to be allowed; and in the second trimester, it is to be allowed if it is required in the interests of maternal health. In neither country is ‘abortion on demand’ – abortions undertaken principally as a form of birth-control at the wish of the pregnant woman – officially allowed, but doctors (especially those in private clinics) will happily certify that carrying the pregnancy to term would cause severe mental distress to the woman. In many Catholic countries, abortion is still illegal.\n\nMotion: This House would put the mother first.\n\nAn argument against 'Abortion on demand': The right to do as we wish to our bodies must be curtailed by the rights of others to be free from harm. In many instances, the right to do as we wish to our body is overruled; for example, drug law sexist to guard against making a person a danger to others by altering their mind with drugs. In this case, the mother’s rights are overruled by the right to life of the unborn child."}
{'text': "Unlike the ‘justifiability of terrorism debate’, this debate does become more definitional. That is because there are some terrorist groups with whom negotiation seems almost inevitable (Hamas, for instance, is also the elected Palestinian government), but others with whom it seems absurd (Al-Qaeda does not have a set of well-defined aims that lend themselves to a sensible compromise, but demands a restoration of Islamic law stretching from Spain to China).This debate, therefore, rests on the ability of both sides to move away from reductive examples and focus on the general principles of the debate, rather than simply trading case studies.\n\nMotion: This House would negotiate with terrorists.\n\nAn argument for 'Terrorists, negotiation with': In many cases, terrorists are simply an unavoidable part of the political reality of engaging with a particular group which may have legitimate grievances. Where are the Palestinian leaders who have had no involvement with terrorism? Or the Tamilones? It must be possible to make peace with these broad ethnic groups, and that requires engaging with their terrorist leaders."}
{'text': "Many countries subsidise the arts to some degree. The French, for example, subsidise their film industry; the Indian government gives money to dance, music and drama; and the British government, through the Arts Council, has supported arts projects, some of which have invited controversy. In contrast, the USA gives very little support to artists, but does fund free access to national art galleries. The arguments vary slightly in the debate, depending on whether you are talking about giving the money towards the creation or the consumption of the arts, but most definitions will cover both.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish state funding of the arts.\n\nAn argument against 'Arts funding by the state, abolition of': Young artists need the time to develop their talents which would be restrained by a typical 9-to-5 job. The artistic temperament is not compatible with such a routine. It is perfectly acceptable for such gifted young people to live on state benefits while developing their unique talents."}
{'text': "The disaster at Fukushima Daiichi, Japan in 2011, in which an earthquake triggered meltdown at a major nuclear power plant, reignited the debate about nuclear energy.Prior to that, the world appeared to be marching slowly towards the greater use of nuclear power, but that progress is now somewhat in doubt. Fukushima caused five deaths; however, it is hard to estimate the precise number of deaths, as many are likely to occur in subsequent years from radiation increasing the risk of cancer. What seems certain is that it will not be comparable to the 1986 Chernobyl disaster, which killed 6,000 people directly, and anywhere between 27,000 and 985,000 indirectly.\n\nMotion: This House says ‘Yes, please’ to nuclear power.\n\nAn argument against 'Nuclear energy': Nuclear energy may be greener than fossil fuels in the short term, but that ignores the problem of nuclear waste. We could be storing up a catastrophe for generations who come after us."}
{'text': "This debate considers whether state censorship can be justified by the harms caused by violent video games. Games such as Grand Theft Auto have attracted increasing criticism over recent years as the amount of violence has escalated.\n\nMotion: This House would ban violent video games.\n\nAn argument against 'Violent video games, banning of': It is wrong to target video games. Film and television have just as much gratuitous violence as video games, and some music genres also feature violence in their lyrics. If anything, these media are worse as they show real people rather than graphics, and they create action heroes for the audience to admire."}
{'text': "This is fundamentally another debate about whether the government should intervene to protect individuals from themselves. Many Western governments have now passed legislation to discourage smoking, including banning tobacco advertising, banning smoking in public places, raising the minimum age for smoking, significantly raising taxes on tobacco and covering cigarette packets in graphic health warnings. Are these measures enough or do they go too far? Or do we still need to stop all smoking in private as well?\n\nMotion: This House would ban smoking.\n\nAn argument for 'Smoking, banning of': Unlike some other drugs, tobacco has no positive effects. Alcohol can make people relaxed and sociable and uninhibited in a positive way. Cigarettes give the illusion of relieving tension simply because of the relief of nicotine with-drawal; in fact, smokers are the most tense, fidgety and anxious of all. Tobacco is particularly expensive and used more by the poor than the rich. It is not hard to use all of your government benefits on smoking. The present measure of ever-increasing taxes on cigarettes does not make people stop smoking, but just makes them poorer, more unhappy and more dependent on the drug."}
{'text': "Currently it is illegal to enforce a mandatory retirement age in many countries including Canada, the UK and Australia, on grounds of age discrimination. But should public sector employers be given a mandatory retirement age, perhaps of 65 or 70? Should that be extended to private companies as well? The debate could be held for all public sector workers or it could either be narrowed to some professions such as the judiciary, or expanded to cover private companies. It could open up into the world ofthe self-employed, or the freelance artistic community, although such a requirement would be much harder to enforce.\n\nMotion: This House calls for a mandatory retirementage.\n\nAn argument for 'Mandatory retirement age': In the world of the arts, musicians, writers, actors and composers continue to work way past the normal retirement age. This prevents young talented performers and writers from breaking into the field. Amandatory retirement age would prevent those over 65 from taking paid jobs (bookdeals, film roles, positions in orchestras) and hence open up the field for young talent to come through. Mandatory retirement would thus encourage meritocracyin the arts as well as in business. Older artists could continue to do creative work on an unpaid basis, and should be encouraged to work for charities and teach younger artists, perhaps from underprivileged backgrounds, on a voluntary basis in their retirement."}
{'text': "The United Nations, by Chapter 7 of its Charter, gives the Security Council the task of identifying all threats to and breaches of global peace and acting accordingly to end them, but it is still entirely dependent on the co-operation of states with its interventions and peacekeeping missions to do so. This debate instead proposes that the UN should recruit a permanent standing army, which would be able to respond quickly to potential atrocities and threats to peace. There are some practical problems with this idea, but what is even less clear is who would run such a body; the Proposition team must make a definitional choice as to whether the Security Council, General Assembly or the Secretary-General would ultimately command it.\n\nMotion: This House would give the UN a standing army.\n\nAn argument against 'United Nations standing army': This force will not go anywhere. Assuming it is controlled by the UN Security Council, as it must be logically,Russia and China, not to mention the USA, will be highly reticent about sending it into battle. As such, it is a pointless gesture."}
{'text': "The global financial crisis and subsequent economic downturn have greatly increased the number of private companies threatened with bankruptcy. In many cases, governments have responded by bailing out those companies. Bailouts can take many forms: they can be conditional on firms following certain policies or restructuring their operations; or they may involve the government taking a share in the ownership of the company; or they may take the form of injections of cash or the provision of loans repayable at low interest over long periods. It is hard to cover this range of variations,so debates should focus on the principle of governments providing money to keep companies afloat. Most of the prominent examples are from finance; Bear Stearns,Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and AIG in the USA, Northern Rock in the UK and the Anglo Irish Bank in Ireland. Prominent non-financial cases include the rescue of Chrysler and General Motors by the American government in 2008, Parmalat in Italy in 2003, and the rescue in 2010 of Dubai World, Dubai’s state-owned investment company, by fellow emirate Abu Dhabi.\n\nMotion: This House would never bail out failing privateindustry.\n\nAn argument for 'Failing companies, bailing out': Many other firms are also dependent on a company on the brink of collapse. They may have money invested in it, as in banking, or require its goods and services, such as parts it manufactures that go into producing a car. These firms will be exposed to enormous losses and reduced productivity if they are no longer able to rely on the collapsed company. This can send shockwaves reverberating through the whole economy; many analysts agree that the decision not to bail out Lehman Brothers in 2008 severely worsened the global financial crisis."}
{'text': "Privatisation is the process of the state selling off its assets in certain industries and allowing a competitive free market to deal with those sectors instead. It spans largely corporate projects like nationalised mining, to utilities provision (electricity, water, gas,etc.), to public services (healthcare, education, etc.). The core of the debate remains the same, although the urgency of it may vary; for instance, we might be far more worried about the state selling off hospitals than about losing a government-owned carmanufacturer.\n\nMotion: This House would privatise.\n\nAn argument for 'Privatisation': Privatisation gives ordinary people a chance to be ‘stakeholders’ in the nation’ seconomy by owning shares in services and industries. Privatised industries and services are answerable to shareholders. Having a real financial stake in a company gives people a direct interest and a say in the running of national services."}
{'text': "Many countries subsidise the arts to some degree. The French, for example, subsidise their film industry; the Indian government gives money to dance, music and drama; and the British government, through the Arts Council, has supported arts projects, some of which have invited controversy. In contrast, the USA gives very little support to artists, but does fund free access to national art galleries. The arguments vary slightly in the debate, depending on whether you are talking about giving the money towards the creation or the consumption of the arts, but most definitions will cover both.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish state funding of the arts.\n\nAn argument against 'Arts funding by the state, abolition of': We can, indeed, learn from history. What we learn is that arts funding must be given without any strings attached – that artistic freedom must always be guaranteed rather than the state dictating to the artist. Mistakes of past regimes do not mean that state funding of the arts must be scrapped, any more than the fact that democratic processes have been abused by autocratic regimes means that democracy should be scrapped."}
{'text': "Obviously, the social contract is a metaphor, but it is relied upon with disturbing regularity as obviously being something which exists and binds all members of a society.That view is a bad one, and wrong; however, there may be other ways of arguing for asocial contract which stand up to more scrutiny. Be careful, however, to establish what exactly it is that this ‘contract’ might sign us up for; many social contract arguments only aim to legitimate any kind of state, not a specific set of government policies.\n\nMotion: This House believes that there is no such thing as a social contract.\n\nAn argument against 'Social contract, existence of the': Even if all of this were true, it is unclear what work the idea of a ‘contract’ is doing. No one actually agreed to anything; it is simply argued that they would have done, because certain goods and interests are protected by the existence of a state that would not be protected otherwise. But in that case, there is no need to appeal to the idea of consent; we can just argue for the state on the basis of those goods directly. Indeed, the attempt to smuggle in a consent argument aims to give the state an air of legitimacy that it does not deserve."}
{'text': "Some countries, such as Australia, fund their political parties through tax payers’ money.Other countries, including the UK, require their political parties to fundraise to meet their costs. Which system is fairer and more democratic? The different models for state funding are complex, but it may be worth a Proposition team giving some details about the system they would use as it can affect the arguments. It is possible, however, to have the debate in principle and this article looks at the arguments as they work across various models. There is an interesting related debate on capping campaign expenditure which also seeks to create a more transparent political system.\n\nMotion: This House supports state funding of politicalparties.\n\nAn argument against 'State funding of political parties': It is not necessary to go so far as statefunding to have transparency. An open register of donations allows the media to hold parties to account and prevents corruption."}
{'text': "The censorship of music could cover lyrics containing expletive words, racism and misogyny, espousing or glorifying violence, using explicit sexual imagery, condoning drug use or any other such messages which support illegal behaviour. Rap and hip-hop in particular have been accused of spreading social problems through their lyrics, but all kinds of music could be targeted by this policy. Should freedom of artistic expression be absolute, or should the government intervene in the name of protecting all its citizens from violence and discrimination?\n\nMotion: This House would censor music lyrics.\n\nAn argument against 'Music lyrics, censorship of': Freedom of speech must be protected. The government should not be censoring words, which can offend but not hurt its citizens. The government should pass laws against violence and intimidation and enforce these, but go no further in restricting liberty."}
{'text': "It is difficult to define a cultural treasure, but the Proposition team must have a go, and perhaps nominate a body that will make specific decisions. Treasures can be defined as including relics, documents, artefacts, etc. The British are most under pressure to return many treasures held in the British Museum and so the arguments highlight them and high-profile treasures such as the Parthenon (or Elgin) Marbles from Greece, the Rosetta Stone and artefacts from the Tomb of Tutankhamun from Egypt, and the Benin Bronzes from Nigeria. Other countries, however, can also be included; for example, there are Korean treasures, taken during the Korean War, in the Smithsonian in Washington, DC.\n\nMotion: This House would return cultural treasures totheir country of origin.\n\nAn argument for 'Cultural treasures, returning of': Cultural treasures are an important part of a culture. They are tangible evidence of heritage and traditions and can act as unifying symbols and objects of national pride. They often also carry a religious significance. Glasgow returned the Sioux ‘ghost shirt’ because the city recognised its holy importance."}
{'text': "One thing that is indisputable in all debates about organs is that there is a shortage of them in almost every country in the world; people die daily waiting for donor organs.However, as soon as we proceed to the vexed question of how to solve that problem, huge ethical and economic debates open up. Aside from compulsory organ donation, creating a trade in organs is widely seen as the most common possible method by which we could increase organ availability. There are few examples of this policy in practice; only Iran currently allows the sale of human organs, although India did until 1994 and the Philippines until 2008. The Proposition team can, though they are not required to, bite the bullet and make the ability to obtain an organ depend on the ability to pay, but more commonly, will seek to buy organs through a national health system.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise the sale of organs.\n\nAn argument for 'Organs, legal sale of': Legalisation will wipe out the black market in organs. We know that there is a thriving black market, especially in India after it banned organ sales, because people will always be willing to go to extreme lengths to protect their lives. In a black market, exploitation and donation without informed consent are more likely, as are unsafe medical procedures that threaten to kill people as a result of donating."}
{'text': "This debate considers whether state censorship can be justified by the harms caused by violent video games. Games such as Grand Theft Auto have attracted increasing criticism over recent years as the amount of violence has escalated.\n\nMotion: This House would ban violent video games.\n\nAn argument for 'Violent video games, banning of': Violence as entertainment is immoral. If society wants to take a stand against violence, then it should not allow entertainment media to glorify it. This only muddies the message and undermines our values."}
{'text': "Britain is one of the oldest surviving hereditary monarchies. Several other European countries are monarchies (Denmark, Sweden, Norway, the Netherlands and Spain) along with other countries around the world such as Morocco and Lesotho in Africa and Bhutan in Asia. Arab sheikhs and the Japanese emperor are also examples of hereditary rulers. Historically, a partially elected parliament was seen as a mechanism to check the power of the monarch. As centuries passed, more and more real power passed to parliaments and away from monarchs, in some cases through violent revolution (as in France and Russia). In other cases, such as Britain or the Netherlands, the process was more gradual and the monarch has simply been left with only ceremonial duties and nominal powers. Is there any point in maintaining this institution or is an elected president the only appropriate head of state in the modern world? The arguments below use examples from the British monarchy, but can be replaced with details of the particular monarch or with multiple examples if necessary.\n\nMotion: This House would elect its head of state.\n\nAn argument against 'Monarchy, abolition of': The Queen is the head of state of many Commonwealth nations and is a unifying figurehead. The monarch is part of the traditions and culture of a country and that heritage should be celebrated."}
{'text': "The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons limits the possession of nuclear weapons to the five permanent members of the UN Security Council: the USA, the UK, France, Russia and China. When it was signed in 1968, they were the only nuclear-armed nations, but since then, India, Pakistan and North Korea have openly joined the nuclear club. All are outside the NPT, as is Israel, which is widely accepted to have nuclear weapons in spite of official denials. Iran has also attempted to join the nuclear club, and states including Libya and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) have made much more preliminary attempts to do so, while South Africa remains the only state to have voluntarily given up its nuclear weapons. This debate is principally about the moral question of whether any such right exists, but it is also partly about the merits of acknowledging it in international law.\n\nMotion: This House believes that every state has a rightto a nuclear weapon.\n\nAn argument for 'Nuclear weapons, right to possess': It is telling that the only times nuclear weapons have been fired in anger were in Japan in 1945, when there was only one nuclear power in the world (the USA). Since then, the nuclear states have always kept each other in check through the principle of Mutual Assured Destruction, or MAD. As long as there is a risk of retaliation in nuclear form, that risk is great enough to prevent states from firing a nuclear weapon. Moreover, as more states acquire nuclear weapons, there are more potential nuclear retaliators, so MAD is reinforced, and the risk of nuclear attack decreases."}
{'text': "In spite of the growth of the World Trade Organization, which now has over 150 members committed to liberalising international trade, pure global free trade is a far-off prospect. Meanwhile, regional trade blocs (groups of countries which offer each other greater trading benefits) are growing fast. The EU is the most prominent, but there are many others, including NAFTA (North America), ASEAN (Southeast Asia), Mercosur (much of Latin America) and ECOWAS (Economic Community of West African States). These vary in their extent; for instance, the EU is fully integrated, extending totally free movement of labour and capital to its members, while NAFTA is more limited and focuses on reducing goods tariffs.\n\nMotion: This House prefers the WTO to the EU and NAFTA.\n\nAn argument against 'Regional trade blocs over global free trade': Such managing institutions are far from necessary. Much harmonisation occurs simply because of the free market system, while competition rules are an unnecessary addition to the basic process of allowing goods to move freely."}
{'text': "In spite of the growth of the World Trade Organization, which now has over 150 members committed to liberalising international trade, pure global free trade is a far-off prospect. Meanwhile, regional trade blocs (groups of countries which offer each other greater trading benefits) are growing fast. The EU is the most prominent, but there are many others, including NAFTA (North America), ASEAN (Southeast Asia), Mercosur (much of Latin America) and ECOWAS (Economic Community of West African States). These vary in their extent; for instance, the EU is fully integrated, extending totally free movement of labour and capital to its members, while NAFTA is more limited and focuses on reducing goods tariffs.\n\nMotion: This House prefers the WTO to the EU and NAFTA.\n\nAn argument for 'Regional trade blocs over global free trade': Regional trading blocs are perhaps a stop-gap to global free trade, but given the complexity and intricacy of global trading relations, true global free trade is still far off, so we are better off accepting and channelling energy into regional blocs, as these provide more immediate economic benefits."}
{'text': "Britain is one of the oldest surviving hereditary monarchies. Several other European countries are monarchies (Denmark, Sweden, Norway, the Netherlands and Spain) along with other countries around the world such as Morocco and Lesotho in Africa and Bhutan in Asia. Arab sheikhs and the Japanese emperor are also examples of hereditary rulers. Historically, a partially elected parliament was seen as a mechanism to check the power of the monarch. As centuries passed, more and more real power passed to parliaments and away from monarchs, in some cases through violent revolution (as in France and Russia). In other cases, such as Britain or the Netherlands, the process was more gradual and the monarch has simply been left with only ceremonial duties and nominal powers. Is there any point in maintaining this institution or is an elected president the only appropriate head of state in the modern world? The arguments below use examples from the British monarchy, but can be replaced with details of the particular monarch or with multiple examples if necessary.\n\nMotion: This House would elect its head of state.\n\nAn argument against 'Monarchy, abolition of': The monarch has no real power, so is not needed to allow the day-to-day running of a modern democracy. The role is ceremonial and in this role their independence is an advantage. An elected head of state may feel justified to wield power or to interfere with the government and this would be undesirable.The media does a good job of holding the monarchy to account, and changes such as the Queenpaying taxes show that she does listen and respond to criticism."}
{'text': "Many countries have set up DNA databases of convicted criminals. Britain has controversially included the DNA of all those suspected of a crime even if there was no conviction, but now must delete those records after two years if there has been no conviction. But should governments set up DNA databases for all their citizens? Such DNA databases could have wide-ranging uses for research, health and crime, but many think the invasion of privacy is too great. A debate could be had just about criminal databases, but this article looks at the introduction of a universal database.\n\nMotion: This House would establish a universal DNAdatabase.\n\nAn argument for 'DNA database, universal': The cost of producing and maintaining a database may well be balanced out by the saving of police time and the advances in preventative medicine."}
{'text': "Pornography laws vary from country to country. The Internet has changed the nature of the debate as anyone with a computer now has unlimited access to a vast world of online pornography. It is harder to regulate both the production and the viewing of pornography in this area, so is it time to accept it as a healthy part of our sexuality? It is assumed in this debate that anything that is illegal in reality should also be in pornography, so child pornography, rape, bestiality, etc. are outside the scope of the debate and the Proposition team should clarify that.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all adult porno-graphy.\n\nAn argument for 'Pornography': The use of potentially suggestive pictures of attractive men and women to sell newspapers, magazines and other products is not an instance of pornography, but a normal and acceptable part of our consumerist culture."}
{'text': "Beauty contests and pageants exist across the world, with the largest and most famous example being Miss World. There are also many local, national and niche contests anda large community of teen, child and even baby beauty pageants. A debate can be had about all beauty contests, and there is also an interesting debate to be had concerning other events which include children.\n\nMotion: This House would cancel Miss World.\n\nAn argument for 'Beauty contests, banning of': Beauty pageants are unique in celebrating beauty alone and also in quantifying and judging it. Modelling is about the clothes; music stars and actresses are celebrated for their creative skills. These industries do not try to define beauty and, in fact, many alternative-looking women are successful. That is why beauty pageants are particularly pernicious."}
{'text': "Vegetarianism has always been an alternative lifestyle that has been practised by some proponents of animal rights, by a faction of the health-conscious and by some religions. In recent years, however, it has taken on an environmental dimension with some green campaigners saying that widespread vegetarianism could be crucial to the planet’s future.It is unlikely that this debate would call for a law banning the eating of meat; rather, it should debate the practical and moral advantages and disadvantages of the lifestyle choice. See the introduction to the debate on ‘animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of ’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘animal rights’ (Section A) for an overview on the issues of animal welfare.\n\nMotion: This House believes that meat is murder.\n\nAn argument against 'Vegetarianism': The effects on the environment arising from meat eating are disputed, as we would need vast amounts of land to farm the extra vegetables and meat substitutes needed; it may also increase the importation of food, thereby adding more food miles to our menus. Unless we all go vegan, livestock farming would still have to continue to produce dairy products and eggs. It may well be true that we should eat less meat and not consider it the main component of every meal, but switching to a vegetarian diet is going too far."}
{'text': "See the introduction to the debate on ‘animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of ’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘animal rights’ (Section A). The conditions of animals in captivity vary hugely around the world. If the debate is set in your own country, you will need to consider the specific treatment of the animals. The definition could also include or exclude safari parks, where the animals roam around an open area that visitors drive through, rather than living in cages.\n\nMotion: This House would free the animals.\n\nAn argument against 'Zoos, abolition of': Animals do not have rights. It is entirely at our discretion how we treat them, since we are a stronger predatory species. The use of a weaker species for the needs of a stronger one is entirely natural."}
{'text': "In the USA, a candidate must be 25 to stand for the House of Representatives, 30 for the Senate and 35 for president. In Italy, a candidate must be 50 or more to stand for president; and in Germany, the age limit is 40 to stand for chancellor, though the country allows 18 year olds to stand for other positions. Are all these restrictions ageist and should the age of candidacy for all positions be the same as the voting age? In countries such as Australia and Denmark, 18 year olds may stand for any office. In Britain, the minimum age to stand for parliament was lowered from 21 to 18 in 2007. Is this more democratic and representative or is it reckless?\n\nMotion: This House would allow 18 year olds to stand for office.\n\nAn argument against 'Political candidacy, age of': The narrow range of issues that concerns student unions (mainly education and its funding) is not sufficient experience for the broad issues and challenges of being a representative. The sort of people who would want to be elected politicians at the age of 18 would most likely want to go to university – this would not be compatible with the huge demands on time and commitment of being an elected politician."}
{'text': "Frank Sinatra once sang that ‘love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage’. Did this view die with Sinatra in 1998 or is it still a defensible one? Is there something special about marriage that differentiates it from the ever more popular arrangement of cohabitation? Does marriage provide children with a more stable family home, or is the marital status of their parents (or parent) immaterial?\n\nMotion: This House would get married for the sake ofthe children.\n\nAn argument against 'Marriage': Marriage, for many, has become more about the wedding than the life that follows. There is huge pressure on young people and their families to throw ‘fairytale’ occasions which perhaps they cannot afford. In the USA in 2012, the average cost of a wedding was over US$26,000. In the UK in 2008, the figure was higher, at over £20,000. This leaves young couples crippled with debt at a time when they are finding it harder than ever to get a foot on the housing ladder."}
{'text': "Castration is the removal of any sexual gland (the testes or ovaries) in males or females. This debate is about the process of administering drugs to sex offenders to remove all function in those glands; the main drug used to destroy testicular function is called Depo-Provera. Policies are of two types: voluntary and mandatory. Voluntary castrations are less contentious; sex offenders may opt to take the drugs. Mandatory ones are the meat of this debate. In some US states, castration is mandatory after two sexual offences; in others, it is at the judge’s discretion. In some countries including Poland, Moldova and Estonia, castration can be compulsory immediately upon conviction.\n\nMotion: This House would chemically castrate sexoffenders.\n\nAn argument for 'Sex offenders, chemical castration of': For the sake of the offender, chemical castration is the best solution. Offenders often feel that they are ill, or possessed by a physical force outside their control from which they long to be freed. Chemical castration would liberate them from the mental torture and resulting crimes of their condition by removing their sexual drive."}
{'text': "In 1997, Scotland voted ‘yes’ in a referendum for devolution of powers from Westminster. This led to the setting up of the Scottish Parliament which has limited tax-raising powers and control over policies such as health, education and transport. In 2011, the Scottish National Party won a majority in the parliamentary elections, and their leader Alex Salmond used this mandate to call for a referendum on Scottish Independence to take place in 2014.\n\nMotion: This House supports Scottish independence.\n\nAn argument for 'Scottish independence ': Scottish independence would be in the best interest of the rest of the United Kingdom. At present, Scotland is heavily subsidised by Westminster and the money saved could be invested in poorer regions. It would also be more democratic, as the current system has led to the so-called ‘West Lothian question’: the situation where Scottish MPs vote in Westminster on issues which will not affect their constituencies."}
{'text': "This debate focuses on whether democracy can and should be imposed by military, diplomatic or economic action. However, it is often hard to disentangle such interventions from their other possible motives; for instance, while many think that the intervention in Iraq (from 2003) was essentially to impose democracy, cynics say that it was more about obtaining oil, and the official line remains that it was to prevent Saddam Hussein’s development of Weapons of Mass Destruction. Both teams must avoid descending into ‘example ping-pong’, in which they simply list case studies, but must deconstruct the actual reasons that those particular instances have succeeded or failed.\n\nMotion: This House would impose democracy with thebarrel of a gun.\n\nAn argument for 'Democracy, imposition of': Democracy carries with it a self-correcting mechanism; if Western pressure leads to the replacement of a dictatorship with democracy, then the electorate can always choose to return to dictatorship – an unlikely prospect. So-called Western cultural imperialism actually consists of trusting the people to choose for themselves."}
{'text': "The legalisation of drugs has long been an important issue, but in recent years, it has taken on a global dimension.‘Plan Colombia’, a scheme to encourage lawful enterprises in Colombia, has largely defeated the drug cartels in that country, but at the same time Mexico has collapsed into lawlessness at the hands of gangs. As well as the general debate about legalising all drugs, debates may arise about legalising specific drugs, or about more creative policies such as the legalisation of drugs within certain areas.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all drugs.\n\nAn argument against 'Drugs, legalisation of': It is right that governments should legislate in a way that overrides personal freedom to protect people from themselves as well as from each other. That is why bare-knuckle boxing is banned and seatbelts are compulsory in some countries (e.g. Britain). These are ways in which personal freedom is overridden by legislation designed to protect personal safety. Soft drugs are harmful; cannabis smoke (as well as the tobacco with which it is often mixed) is carcinogenic, and prolonged cannabis smoking has been shown to cause brain damage and significant loss of motivation and short-term memory. Amphetamines interfere with the nervous system in a potentially damaging way. Drug-takers also put others at risk by taking mind-altering substances that can lead to unpredictable and dangerous behaviour."}
{'text': "As a formal matter of international law, military actions not in self-defence must be approved by the United Nations, or they are illegal. This debate proposes changing that position in order to encourage humanitarian interventions. It is worth noting that as sanctions for breaches of those rules are minimal, this debate takes place on the basis that actual sanctions for breach will be rare, although the International Criminal Court (ICC) has now agreed to prosecute the crime of aggression, so that may change in the future. Iraq will obviously loom large in this debate, but there are numerous other examples that are relevant.\n\nMotion: This House believes that humanitarian inter-ventions should not require UN approval.\n\nAn argument against 'Non-UN-sanctioned military intervention': The UN is not just an arbiter of the law of going to war, but also law in war. In order to effectively prevent war crimes and crimes against humanity, the UN must control the manner of these interventions. One of the reasons that the Iraq war was so brutal was the lack of rules of engagement established by the UN."}
{'text': "There are different examples of blood sports in different cultures; cockfighting is illegal in most Western countries now, but is popular in much of Asia and Latin America; some parts of Spain still enjoy bullfighting. In the UK, foxhunting was banned in 2004, but the legislation is not rigorously enforced, and in 2013, hunts still take place up and down the country; Pakistan recently banned dogfighting, but it is still popular in rural areas. A debate may focus on one of these sports or look at banning them collectively. Not all of the arguments work for all of the sports – the issues around bullfighting and hunting, for example, overlap but are different, so be sure to pick your arguments accordingly. See also the introduction to the debate on ‘Animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘Animal rights’ (Section A) for a general summary of animal rights debates.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the unspeakable shouldleave the inedible alone.\n\nAn argument against 'Blood sports, abolition of': The banning of blood sports would undermine the rural economy, since hunting provides jobs for many and protects agricultural land. As explained above, there is no need for an alternative such as drag-hunting, since blood sports are not gratuitous entertainment, but the carrying out of legitimate and necessary killing of pests or game in an enjoyable fashion."}
{'text': "This debate addresses the question of whether we need to take any action to counteract the perceived dominance of older and more established figures in political life. It also raises the question of whether politics should be perceived as a career in itself. At presentin the UK, there is no limit to the number of terms in office that an MP can serve, whether as a back-bencher, a minister, or even as prime minister. In the USA, there is no limit for members of the House of Representatives, but an individual may only serve as president for a maximum of two terms. A definition should clarify whether the debate is only about executive positions or also about members of the legislature. It will probably also want to set the number of terms and whether the limits are consecutive or lifetime.\n\nMotion: This House would limit the term of politicians.\n\nAn argument against 'Term limits for politicians': Term limits create ‘lame duck’ politicians in their last term who know they will never face the electorate again. This has the double disadvantage of reducing their moral authority and eliminating their motivation to keep in touch with their public. Term limits would produceless effective representatives."}
{'text': "Some countries, such as Australia, fund their political parties through tax payers’ money.Other countries, including the UK, require their political parties to fundraise to meet their costs. Which system is fairer and more democratic? The different models for state funding are complex, but it may be worth a Proposition team giving some details about the system they would use as it can affect the arguments. It is possible, however, to have the debate in principle and this article looks at the arguments as they work across various models. There is an interesting related debate on capping campaign expenditure which also seeks to create a more transparent political system.\n\nMotion: This House supports state funding of politicalparties.\n\nAn argument for 'State funding of political parties': State funding makes elections fairer in two ways: first, it prevents a party from effectively being able to buy an election due to their fuller coffers allowing them significantly more publicity; second, it makes it easier for small or new parties to make an impact on the electorate as they are not priced out of the system."}
{'text': "In many countries, certain crimes carry mandatory prison sentences; that is, there is a level beyond which a judge cannot go, whatever the circumstances of the case. In some cases, such sentences are for a specific crime; for instance, many jurisdictions demand that murder carries a life sentence, and the USA has ‘mandatory minimums’ for particular drugs offences. In other cases, sentences are mandatory only if the offender has committed previous crimes; for instance, a ‘three strikes and you’re out’ policy which demands prison time for a third-time offender, whatever the crime.\n\nMotion: This House would give mandatory sentences torepeat offenders.\n\nAn argument for 'Mandatory prison sentences': It is particularly important for more serious crimes that there is consistency of sentencing. For prison sentences to be effective deterrents and for them to be seen to be justly and uniformly imposed, they must be imposed at the same level for the same crime by all judges. If repeat offences against property (theft and burglary) are given substantial custodial sentences by some judges and not by others, then the sentence will not serve as a deterrent, but instead the criminal will be tempted to take the risk. Allowing judicial discretion will result in too many freak verdicts of overlenient sentences, and hence an erosion of the deterrent effect. The sentence received should be determined by the crime, not by the biases of the judge."}
{'text': "In 1957, Sputnik 1 was put into space by the USSR, and in 1961, Yuri Gagarin became the first man in space. The Cold War was a focal point for the early years of space travel, with the USA landing on the moon in 1969. In the following years, focus has shifted towards the possibility of using space for technological and scientific advancement, with 1998 seeing the launch of the International Space Station, a joint NASA–Russian project to further develop space travel. In 1986, a stark reminder of the risks of space travel was delivered with the disaster aboard the Space Shuttle Challenger, in which seven astronauts perished, resulting in the USA grounding its shuttle fleet for two-and-a-half years.\n\nMotion: This House would increase funding for spaceexploration.\n\nAn argument for 'Space exploration': Through space exploration and the need to construct probes and satellites, satellite technology has been developed that has provided us with massively increased and improved broadcasting, tele-communications and weather-predicting capabilities. This alone would justify the expenditure that has been put into space research."}
{'text': "The concept of an unmanned military aircraft is almost as old as the use of air power itself; one was first tested in 1916 for the Royal Air Force’s use in the First World War. However, they have, naturally, developed hugely in recent years, and are now inwide spread use in military operations around the world. They are also used for numerous purposes; sometimes they are simply for intelligence gathering, but they are also often deployed as part of the USA’s programme of covert assassination of terrorist leaders in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen. Drones began as a tool to support conventional operations on the battlefield, but in 2002, a Predator drone was used by the CIA to kill alleged terrorists in Yemen, and they are now regularly used off the battlefield. Worries that they might fall into the wrong hands were crystallised in 2011,when Iran captured an American RQ-170 drone which had been spying in its airspace. There are question marks about their legitimacy in international law, given that they are typically used for targeted assassinations, but there are no express rules governing their use at present.\n\nMotion: This House would ban the use of drones.\n\nAn argument for 'Military drones, prohibition of': Drones are intimately connected to the broader policy of extra-judicial assassination of terrorists outside war zones, which is a highly damaging one. Drones make that policy possible because they do not create the risk of a pilot being shot down over a non-combatant state (who would therefore not be protected by the laws of war), and also because they do not require air bases or carriers in the region. The policy of extra-judicial assassination is a clear violation of international law, and radicalises populations and governments which were not previously involved at all in the ‘War on Terror’."}
{'text': "This debate focuses on whether democracy can and should be imposed by military, diplomatic or economic action. However, it is often hard to disentangle such interventions from their other possible motives; for instance, while many think that the intervention in Iraq (from 2003) was essentially to impose democracy, cynics say that it was more about obtaining oil, and the official line remains that it was to prevent Saddam Hussein’s development of Weapons of Mass Destruction. Both teams must avoid descending into ‘example ping-pong’, in which they simply list case studies, but must deconstruct the actual reasons that those particular instances have succeeded or failed.\n\nMotion: This House would impose democracy with thebarrel of a gun.\n\nAn argument against 'Democracy, imposition of': There has also never been a war between two countries with a McDonald’s (although the Georgia versus Russia example has weakened the ‘GoldenArches’ theory); democracy is not necessarily the causally important factor here. In fact, economic development may explain both why countries are more prosperous and why they are more peaceful, which would not make the case for forcing democratisation. In any case, India and Pakistan, Peru and Ecuador, and Greece and Turkey are all examples of pairs of democratic states with violent and nationalistic histories."}
{'text': "The actual act of prostitution – exchanging sex for money – is legal in many countries, although other practices associated with it are not. In Britain, for example, solicitation (i.e. negotiating with potential customers), advertising, ‘curb-crawling’ or running brothels (where two or more prostitutes work) are all illegal, while prostitution itself is not. In the USA, it is a misdemeanour, except in parts of Nevada. But that is not to say that Britain encourages prostitution – the act is legal because it happens behind closed doors and any law against it is unenforceable. This debate is therefore about the principle of tolerating open prostitution. A Proposition team may want to clarify whether they would legalise all practices related to prostitution, or whether they would have a more regulated system such as licensed brothels.\n\nMotion: This House would lift all restrictions onprostitution.\n\nAn argument against 'Prostitution, legalisation of': Prostitutes are forced into the black market because they are usually homeless and need the rewards that crime can offer. Legalised prostitution, in the free market,will inevitably lead to a drop in prices and profits due to competition. Prostitutes – and especially pimps – will merely move on to other criminal methods for lucrative profit: drugs, child prostitution, theft and so on."}
{'text': "Pornography laws vary from country to country. The Internet has changed the nature of the debate as anyone with a computer now has unlimited access to a vast world of online pornography. It is harder to regulate both the production and the viewing of pornography in this area, so is it time to accept it as a healthy part of our sexuality? It is assumed in this debate that anything that is illegal in reality should also be in pornography, so child pornography, rape, bestiality, etc. are outside the scope of the debate and the Proposition team should clarify that.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise all adult porno-graphy.\n\nAn argument for 'Pornography': Sexual abuse and rape will exist with or without pornography. Pornography does not cause these crimes, even if some of the perpetrators may like pornography."}
{'text': "It is commonly held in educated Western culture that religious belief is irrational and unsubstantiated. But can all the great geniuses of Christianity and other religions throughout the ages have simply been mistaken, not to mention the billions of religious believers worldwide today? Some twentieth-century theologians, such as Paul Tillich, have redefined God as ‘the ground of being’, in an attempt to get away from simplistic and anthropomorphic conceptions of God as a very powerful person, or even as an old man with a long beard. Does this idea of God make any sense? Can traditional conceptions of a personal, intelligent, benevolent Creator God be rejuvenated? Or is all talk of God rendered meaningless in a modern scientific world?\n\nMotion: This House believes that God is not dead.\n\nAn argument against 'God, existence of': Moral rules are created by human communities so that people can live harmoniously with one another. They vary from culture to culture and are merely human constructions. It is a mistake to take moral feelings – the result of the moral rules set down by a group of people– to be the result of the existence of something supernatural."}
{'text': "This entry looks at the teaching of religious studies (RS) as a subject rather than the existence of religious schools. Some countries, such as France, believe that religion has no place within state education. Other countries, such as the UK, offer RS, but allow parents to remove their children from the classes. A definition would need to clarify whether the debate was about instruction in one particular religion, or whether it was the study of all religions as a subject, or both.\n\nMotion: This House believes that religion has no place inour schools.\n\nAn argument against 'Religious teaching in schools': The danger is not that a child will not find their destined religion (religions are good recruiters of the eager and impressionable), but rather that they will be brainwashed into religious belief by a dynamic, religious teacher. Children should be free of indoctrination at schooland RS provides too easy an avenue for bias to come through."}
{'text': "There are numerous debates about animal rights, ranging from vegetarianism, to the testing of cosmetics or medicines, to laws against animal cruelty in bullfighting.However, many of them share a common and underlying question: what rights, if any,do animals have? It is important to note that denying animal rights does not necessarily equate to saying that unrestrained cruelty to animals is acceptable; rather, it is the denial that they have the particularly strong moral weight afforded by rights. What a right is constitutes a difficult question, and partly one which the debate will inevitably focus on; that said, both teams must be careful to be precise about exactly what having certain rights would entail, rather than using the concept loosely.\n\nMotion: This House would repeal all laws protecting animals.\n\nAn argument for 'Animal rights': Rights are not only granted to beings that contribute to society.They are deeper and more universal than that. For instance,people with severe disabilities, young children and visiting foreigners do not contribute to the state or society that gives and protects rights, but we still afford them certain protections. Similarly, we do not harm individuals who would not be able to protest that harm, such as people with mental disabilities, or patients in a coma.On those grounds, animals, who are notpart of social life and do not uphold civic duties, should not be excluded from having rights."}
{'text': "Child labour is often a taboo; in the words of the International Labour Organization(ILO), what it does to victims is ‘deprive them of the chance to be children’. However, it has also been exceptionally common throughout history; until the twentieth century,even in Western Europe, most children worked, albeit part-time. This debate has two strands; first, whether even at its best, child labour could be justified; and second, whether given the said reality that many children who ‘labour’ are in fact slaves, measures ought to be taken against it. It can be an analysis debate about whether child labour is right, an individual choice debate about buying goods produced with child labour, or a policy debate about legalisation. For the most part, the focus is on the developing world.\n\nMotion: This House would buy goods made with childlabour.\n\nAn argument against 'Child labour can be justified': It is a caricature to paint developing countries as lacking education systems; most do, and progress is rapid. Between 2000 and 2008, the enrolment rate inprimary education globally rose from 80 per cent to 89 per cent, and this is the one of the United Nations Millennium Development Goals that has been broadly successful. If child labour is encouraged, more parents will take their children out of school to work, undermining this progress."}
{'text': "Some countries including the USA and the UK use an electoral system called ‘first past the post’ (FPTP) in some of their elections. This is where the candidate who receives the most votes wins the seat and the other votes count for nothing. Should such countries reform this system to a more proportional one where the number of seats won is more in line with the popular vote received? There are many models of proportional representation such as Single Transferable Vote or Alternative Vote. A Proposition team may wish to research these models and choose a system to support since they all have slightly different pros and cons, but the debate can also be had on the principle.\n\nMotion: This House believes in proportional representation.\n\nAn argument for 'Proportional representation': It is right that we should be governed by coalitions, since in reality there is no majority opinion on most issues. The art of social harmony and fair government is the ability to reach compromises. This is the most mature and civilised way to govern. ‘Strength of government’ seen another way is simply the minority steam-rolling their views through over the majority.A coalition government does not have to mean instability: in Germany, Gerhard Schroeder’s Social Democratic Party governed in coalition with the Green Party from 1998 to 2005."}
{'text': "Renewed interest in state regulation of the press was spurred by the 2012 Leveson Inquiry in the UK, which examined the various models by which the media can be regulated. In essence, the two basic models used in most countries are ‘self-regulation’, in which the media establishes its own body to monitor and punish non-compliance with a Code of Ethics; whereas in a ‘statutory regulation’ model, an independent press regulator is created by the government, but run at arm’s length. One important difference between the two systems is that with self-regulation, newspapers can opt out, so some may simply be unregulated. Statutory regulators often have greater powers, such as levelling fines, whereas self-regulators may be limited to powers of condemnation.\n\nMotion: This House supports state regulation of themedia.\n\nAn argument for 'Press, state regulation of the': Laws against libel and harassment are not sufficient to prevent the serious threats posed by the media to a free society. First, full legal proceedings can be very expensive; a regulator can offer a fast, efficient system of arbitration to allow individuals to vindicate their legal rights against the press without recourse to the courts. Second, often there are gaps in the law where individuals still deserve protection; for instance, privacy may often be unacceptably breached without violating criminal laws on harassment."}
{'text': "Unlimited population growth cannot be a good thing; Thomas Malthus pointed out 200 years ago that the human capacity for reproduction could disastrously overtake the resources available to mankind. The debate now is whether we are heading for a ‘Malthusian’ disaster, and whether measures to avoid it should be ‘soft’ (education of women, economic growth) or ‘hard’ (promotion of free contraceptives, abortion, penalties for large families, etc.). A Proposition team that ducks the second type and sticks only to soft measures does not deserve to win this debate. The classic example of a successful population control regime is that in China, the ‘one-child policy’; in recent years, however, this has been relaxed, questioning its relevance for the modern age.\n\nMotion: This House would introduce one-child policiesacross the developing world.\n\nAn argument for 'Population control': Malthus argued that human reproductive potential was geometric (1–2–4–8–16, etc.) while growth in resources was only arithmetic (1–2–3–4–5, etc.).Eventually a disparity between the two will end in crisis, such as war over resources, famine, malnutrition, epidemic disease and environmental devastation. Such tragedies are clearly identifiable today and are sure to become worse unless steps are taken to limit population growth. We owe it to future generations to give them a chance of existence free from malnutrition, poverty and so on."}
{'text': "This debate focuses on employees such as teachers, doctors and nurses, transport workers, etc. who are working within the public sector. It may or may not include emergency service workers depending on the definition. It does not usually cover the armed forces. In many countries, trades unions in these areas are very strong and workers use striking as a bargaining tool for better pay and working conditions. Is this an important protection of workers’ rights against their powerful government employer, or is it anti-democratic to hold the government to ransom in this way when it has been elected?\n\nMotion: This House would remove the right to strikefrom public sector workers.\n\nAn argument for 'Right to strike for public sector workers': The right to strike is a key part of a fair society, as it shifts some power from the employer to the employee. Without it, the employer – in this case, the government – can do what it likes to its employees and they have no redress."}
{'text': "This debate looks at the harms and the benefits of immigration and is a very emotive subject in many countries. Levels of immigration vary greatly from country to country and the models used differ vastly, so the clearest debates will probably focus on one country or will look at the principle that immigration does more harm than good. It may make more sense within a particular jurisdiction to debate relaxing the immigration laws. These arguments are focused on economic migration with an assumption that a country will fulfil its duty to take asylum seekers.\n\nMotion: This House would shut the door to immigrants.\n\nAn argument against 'Immigration, limitation of': If the country’s economy is growing due to immigration, then the government should be able to invest in its infrastructure, building more schools, hospitals and houses and therefore promoting more growth; it is a virtuous cycle. Immigrants pay taxes which fund the services they use."}
{'text': "Some countries including the USA and the UK use an electoral system called ‘first past the post’ (FPTP) in some of their elections. This is where the candidate who receives the most votes wins the seat and the other votes count for nothing. Should such countries reform this system to a more proportional one where the number of seats won is more in line with the popular vote received? There are many models of proportional representation such as Single Transferable Vote or Alternative Vote. A Proposition team may wish to research these models and choose a system to support since they all have slightly different pros and cons, but the debate can also be had on the principle.\n\nMotion: This House believes in proportional representation.\n\nAn argument for 'Proportional representation': In ‘safe’ seats, there is hardly any incentive for people to vote. In seats in the North West of England where Labour regularly wins 80 per cent of the vote, it is often said that a root vegetable with a red rosette would be elected. In the USA, there is a congressional seat in Tennessee that the Republicans have held since 1869. People feel their vote is wasted, since the result is a foregone conclusion. With a PR system, everyone’s vote counts even if they are in the minority in their particular constituency. Proportional representation also stops the situation where a whole election and all of its campaigning is really happening in only a handful of marginal seats. It equalises people’s votes so that parties have to try to have a wider appeal across the country."}
{'text': "There are numerous debates about animal rights, ranging from vegetarianism, to the testing of cosmetics or medicines, to laws against animal cruelty in bullfighting.However, many of them share a common and underlying question: what rights, if any,do animals have? It is important to note that denying animal rights does not necessarily equate to saying that unrestrained cruelty to animals is acceptable; rather, it is the denial that they have the particularly strong moral weight afforded by rights. What a right is constitutes a difficult question, and partly one which the debate will inevitably focus on; that said, both teams must be careful to be precise about exactly what having certain rights would entail, rather than using the concept loosely.\n\nMotion: This House would repeal all laws protecting animals.\n\nAn argument for 'Animal rights': One of the reasons for granting rights is the desire to protect sentient beings from cruel and unnecessary pain. Pain is auniversally acknowledged bad state ofbeing which we all seek to avoid. Animal pain, as experience, is no different from human pain. The ability to feel pain,however, varies according to the development of the nervous system of the sentient being. Granting rights can be perfectly compatible with that notion. To see this,consider that almost no one thinks that fish and seafood should have the same rights as mammals or birds; that is because their nervous systems are far less developed, so they simply do not feel pain in the same way. However, granting rights can be perfectly compatible with the level of potential pain experience and the rights necessary for protection from unnecessary pain."}
{'text': "When the last edition of Pros and Conswas published (in 1999), it perhaps appeared asthough the fall of the Berlin Wall had settled this topic for most right-thinking people.But since then, numerous developments have revived an interest in investigating the fundamental acceptability of capitalism as an economic system such as the developmentof ‘Gross National Happiness’ indexes to measure welfare as more than financial; agrowing concern for capitalism’s impact on the environment; and of course, the global financial crisis. An important point to remember is that in between the two polar opposites presented here, there is a spectrum of different systems which involve partial regulation by the state of the market and the use of market forces to deliver essential governmental functions.\n\nMotion: This House believes that capitalism is a force for good in the world.\n\nAn argument against 'Capitalism v. Socialism': Large-scale industries (such as a staterun health or education service) are more efficient than smaller ones through economies of scale. There is also a ‘third way’ compatible with socialist ideology, which allows some competition while still retaining ultimate state control of important services."}
{'text': "Fairtrade is a movement that is undoubtedly noble in motive, namely to help farmers in the developing world receive a fair price for their goods. However, economists are deeply divided as to whether the specific prescriptions of fair trade are effective in alleviating poverty; or whether, conversely, they do more harm than good. This debate is rarely so prescriptive as to involve banning fair trade outright, but can take the form either of a policy (such as limiting its labelling) or individual choice (not buying its products). Fairtrade products are many and varied, including chocolate, coffee, wine and fruit, and also come from many different countries. So a more nuanced approach that pays attention to differences between Fairtrade products may be called for.\n\nMotion: This House would boycott Fairtrade.\n\nAn argument against 'Fairtrade, we should not support': It is unacceptable for firms to hijack moral consumerism for their own ends, but we should legislate against that, not do away with Fairtrade altogether; as it grows as a movement, so will scrutiny of it, which will prevent these practices."}
{'text': "As a formal matter of international law, military actions not in self-defence must be approved by the United Nations, or they are illegal. This debate proposes changing that position in order to encourage humanitarian interventions. It is worth noting that as sanctions for breaches of those rules are minimal, this debate takes place on the basis that actual sanctions for breach will be rare, although the International Criminal Court (ICC) has now agreed to prosecute the crime of aggression, so that may change in the future. Iraq will obviously loom large in this debate, but there are numerous other examples that are relevant.\n\nMotion: This House believes that humanitarian inter-ventions should not require UN approval.\n\nAn argument for 'Non-UN-sanctioned military intervention': The UN is not the global moral arbiter that it claims to be; the fact is that the UN Security Council is an accident of history, and its permanent members frequently abuse human rights and go to war illegally themselves. It is nothing but the rankest hypocrisy for them to seek to control who may go to war, and on what grounds."}
{'text': "Should sport form a part of compulsory education, should it be an optional extra on offer to pupils, or is it a complete waste of time and resources to have it on offer in schools? The debate is set against a back drop of both rising obesity in the West and an increasingly stretched school timetable.\n\nMotion: This House would make school sport voluntary.\n\nAn argument against 'School sport, compulsory': Most aspects of school are compulsory only for younger ages; teenagers develop discriminatory abilities that give them clear likes and dislikes. Curricula recognise this and allow students to choose between optional subjects. Those that are enforce dare frequently resented."}
{'text': "The International Criminal Court (ICC) came into being on 1 July 2002. Located in The Hague, the ICC is intended to prosecute the most important war criminals,replacing special regional tribunals for Rwanda, the former Yugoslavia and Sierra Leone that had represented the world’s first attempt at taking a strong stand against the most heinous atrocities. There are three routes by which a case can come to the court. First, if the crime took place in one of the states that are parties to the case. Second, if the accused is a national of a state that is a party to the case. Third, if it is referred by the UN Security Council. At the time of writing, of 30 people indicted by the ICC, 13 remain at large, 7 are being held before trial, 4 have been acquitted, 2 are appealing convictions, 2 are on trial, and 2 have died.\n\nMotion: This House believes that war crimes are a globalresponsibility.\n\nAn argument against 'International Criminal Court, abolition of the': International Criminal Court justice is not Western at all; crimes against humanity are so severe as to be seen as such regardless of cultural background. Moreover, most atrocity victims want a strong seal of international condemnation on their oppressors, which the ICC provides."}
{'text': "Some countries, including Britain, provide free nursery or kindergarten education for one or two years before the start of school. But is this a good use of state funding? Should children be left to play at this age, or can these years be the foundation of success in education?\n\nMotion: This House believes that nursery education is aright, not a privilege.\n\nAn argument against 'Nursery education, free provision of by the state': Most nursery hours are very short, perhaps 9 am to 2 pm, so this will not enable women to return to work. Either they will need wrap around childcare which means that their children will never see them, or they will be at home on their own during the day when they could have been looking after their children and saving the government money."}
{'text': "Beauty contests and pageants exist across the world, with the largest and most famous example being Miss World. There are also many local, national and niche contests anda large community of teen, child and even baby beauty pageants. A debate can be had about all beauty contests, and there is also an interesting debate to be had concerning other events which include children.\n\nMotion: This House would cancel Miss World.\n\nAn argument for 'Beauty contests, banning of': Beauty queens are poor role models. It is true that many of them are educated, successful and have lots of hobbies and great personalities. So why are they allowing themselves to be objectified in this way?"}
{'text': "Currently it is illegal to enforce a mandatory retirement age in many countries including Canada, the UK and Australia, on grounds of age discrimination. But should public sector employers be given a mandatory retirement age, perhaps of 65 or 70? Should that be extended to private companies as well? The debate could be held for all public sector workers or it could either be narrowed to some professions such as the judiciary, or expanded to cover private companies. It could open up into the world ofthe self-employed, or the freelance artistic community, although such a requirement would be much harder to enforce.\n\nMotion: This House calls for a mandatory retirementage.\n\nAn argument against 'Mandatory retirement age': This is a repressive and draconian measure and a complete over-reaction, especially in a world with an ever-increasing proportion of people over 65. There maybe some who become incompetent as they get older, but they must be dealt withon an individual basis – using existing mechanisms to prevent them from practising medicine, law or commerce on the grounds of their incompetence. The huge majority whose faculties are not impaired should be allowed to continue working for as long as they are able to. Mandatory retirement would unnecessarily and unjustly curtail many careers and pointlessly deprive the community of the wealth of experience and ability that older lawyers, doctors and businesspeople have accumulated. Most judges, for example, are over 60, because they require a huge amount of experience to be able to do the job."}
{'text': "Sanctions refer to any measures (economic, cultural or diplomatic) which target a country for specific policies or institutional structures (such as dictatorship). In the past, sanctions were applied on a broad-brush basis, to prohibit or severely limit all contact with a country (such as funnelling nearly all the money that went into Iraq through the UN Oil-for-Food programme; or the international prohibition on trade with Burma), but increasingly, those are being replaced by ‘smart sanctions’, which shut down the bank accounts and companies of specific individuals within a regime (such as the sanctions on Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwean regime), and often for a specific purpose (for instance, the prevention of Iran’s nuclear weapons programme).\n\nMotion: This House believes that sanctions do moreharm than good.\n\nAn argument against 'Sanctions, use of': It will always be difficult to obtain full international consensus on sanctions; and the targets are usually more insular states which depend less on wide trade links in any case. Even when potentially effective, they may be circumvented by smuggling,corruption and other forms of sanction breaking. For instance, there is substantial evidence that many Western companies are still trading with banned Iranian groups through off shore accounts."}
{'text': "The first decade of the twenty-first century has seen a heated debate within the Anglican Church about whether it should allow the ordination of openly gay clergy and bishops. The Church of England, the Episcopal Church in the USA and the Anglican Church of Canada have accepted some gay clergy and, in 2004, Gene Robinson became the first openly gay minister to be made a bishop (the Bishop of New Hampshire in the Episcopal Church). However, the Anglican Communion worldwide is split on this issue, and in 2008, there was a boycott of the Lambeth Conference, such was the strength of the schism. Those opposed believe that homosexuality is against Christian teaching and have declared themselves in a state of ‘impaired communion’ with their liberal counterparts. The arguments here focus on the Anglican Church, but can be easily adapted to apply to other faiths.\n\nMotion: This House would ordain homosexuals.\n\nAn argument against 'Homosexuals, ordination of': Even non-practising homosexuals are unacceptable as Christian ministers since they condone a form of sex rejected by the Bible and Christianity as against the natural purpose given to sex by God."}
{'text': "The censorship of music could cover lyrics containing expletive words, racism and misogyny, espousing or glorifying violence, using explicit sexual imagery, condoning drug use or any other such messages which support illegal behaviour. Rap and hip-hop in particular have been accused of spreading social problems through their lyrics, but all kinds of music could be targeted by this policy. Should freedom of artistic expression be absolute, or should the government intervene in the name of protecting all its citizens from violence and discrimination?\n\nMotion: This House would censor music lyrics.\n\nAn argument against 'Music lyrics, censorship of': Violence plays a part in most art forms and always has, as it is part of the human condition that art seeks to examine. Films, TV and the visual arts all contain examples of gratuitous violence. Music along with literature may actually have less of an effect on the consumer as they do not contain the graphic images that make the violence so real and immediate. It is important to protect artistic expression from government control as art often seeks to challenge authority."}
{'text': "Britain is one of the oldest surviving hereditary monarchies. Several other European countries are monarchies (Denmark, Sweden, Norway, the Netherlands and Spain) along with other countries around the world such as Morocco and Lesotho in Africa and Bhutan in Asia. Arab sheikhs and the Japanese emperor are also examples of hereditary rulers. Historically, a partially elected parliament was seen as a mechanism to check the power of the monarch. As centuries passed, more and more real power passed to parliaments and away from monarchs, in some cases through violent revolution (as in France and Russia). In other cases, such as Britain or the Netherlands, the process was more gradual and the monarch has simply been left with only ceremonial duties and nominal powers. Is there any point in maintaining this institution or is an elected president the only appropriate head of state in the modern world? The arguments below use examples from the British monarchy, but can be replaced with details of the particular monarch or with multiple examples if necessary.\n\nMotion: This House would elect its head of state.\n\nAn argument for 'Monarchy, abolition of': An hereditary monarch will always be from the same race and class. This harms representation and tells members of minorities and the working classes that however hard they work, nobody from their background will be the head of state. This harms inclusivity and aspiration. In contrast, the election of a black US president, Barack Obama, is inspirational for minorities."}
{'text': "In 2013, 58 countries still use the death penalty as a form of punishment. The vast majority of executions take place in China, which is thought to execute more than 4,000 people a year; Iran comes second with about 400; no other state executes more than 100 prisoners a year. As such, it is a punishment mostly used sparingly and for the most serious crimes; murder is the primary one, though some countries retain it for drug-related offences as well. The methods of capital punishment also vary; some US states retain the use of gas chambers to execute prisoners, but most use lethal injection.\n\nMotion: This House would reintroduce the death penalty.\n\nAn argument for 'Capital punishment': The death penalty is only given when the facts are certain and the jury has no oubt whatsoever, and only carried out when every right to appeal has been exhausted. There have admittedly been some cases of wrongful conviction leading to execution in the UK (not ably Timothy Evans in 1950 and, probably, James Hanratty in 1962), but although it may seem harsh, this is negligible when compared with the number of murders prevented by the death penalty. The discrimination between various degrees of homicide or manslaughter allows the jury plenty of opportunity for clemency, and insane murderers are never executed."}
{'text': "Those who live and have grown up in democracies tend to assume that it is the onlyviable system of government. It is important to question that premise, and challenge the system in which many of us live; there may be many circumstances in which we want to constrain democracy, or perhaps we should genuinely look to a completely different system of government, which leaves that behind al together in favour of government by an expert elite.\n\nMotion: This House believes that democracy is the bestsystem of government for every nation.\n\nAn argument against 'Democracy': These measures are mere tokens-rhetorical gestures required to keep the people happy and to satisfy proponents of democracy. But the truth is still that real power is isolated within an elite of politicians and civil servants. It is the political parties that decide who will stand for election and who will be allocated the‘safe seats’, thereby effectively, undemocratically, determining the constitution of parliaments.There are rarely provisions to ‘recall’ elected politicians if they fail to live up to their promises."}
{'text': "This debate will inevitably tend to focus on bankers, because their bonuses tend to cause such uproar in the media, but bonuses are also a very common way of remunerating all sorts of executives. Many states have taken steps to limit bonuses, both in state-owned banks (especially the UK) and private sector ones too (e.g. Switzerland). Bonuses can come in cash or shares; the latter can be less desirable to CEOs especially, as they are often prevented from selling them for a limited period. Inevitably, steps might be taken to evade such limits.\n\nMotion: This House would ban bonuses.\n\nAn argument against 'Bonuses, banning of': Bonuses do represent a genuine and deserved reward. It is a misconception that they are especially generous payments for exceptional success; rather, they are just a form of performance-related pay. While they are paid in loss-making years, that is because particular individuals or teams have generated income for a business; they are not to blame for the firm’s entire performance."}
{'text': "The House of Lords began as a second chamber for hereditary peers which had the power to veto bills coming to it from the House of Commons. The Parliament Act of 1911 removed the power to veto and replaced it with the power to delay a bill. This established the ultimate sovereignty of the House of Commons. In 1958, life peers were created in addition to hereditary ones. These appointments are made by the government of the day to senior representatives of politics, business and other areas of society. There are also 26 Lords Spiritual who are bishops of the Church of England. The setting up of the Supreme Court in 2009 ended the position of Law Lords (which had existed when the House of Lords was the highest court in the land). The Blair government started the process of reforming the House of Lords by removing almost all of the hereditary peers and replacing them with life peers. Tony Blair’s government, however, was divided about how to finish these reforms. Should the House of Lords eventually be fully elected, fully appointed by an independent commission or a mixture of the two? This article looks at the arguments for a fully elected versus a fully appointed chamber. There is also a related debate about whether to abolish the second chamber completely.\n\nMotion: This House would elect the Second Chamber.\n\nAn argument for 'House of Lords, elected v. appointed': An elected chamber would be more representative and less elitist. Appointments of the great and mighty perpetuate social inequalities and lead to an ageing, white, male, privileged majority."}
{'text': "Britain joined the European Union (then known as the European Economic Community) in 1973 and voted to remain a member state in a referendum in 1975. In the 1990s, the issue of whether to remain a member became more prominent and the UK refrained from further integration such as joining the euro. Much of the British press and public are Eurosceptic and UKIP (the UK Independence Party) has been growing its support, but the main political parties are all committed to staying in Europe. Do the benefits justify the political and economic costs?\n\nMotion: This House believes that the UK should leave the EU.\n\nAn argument against 'Should Britain leave the EU?': The UK is no longer a superpower. The EU can compete with the USA and China, but the UK cannot. If the UK leaves the EU, it risks becoming isolated and losing its influence on the world stage. The UK is one of the largest economies in the EU and one of its two nuclear powers. This guarantees its influence at an EU level while not compromising its relations with the USA or the Commonwealth."}
{'text': "Britain is one of a small minority of countries where the police force does not carry guns. Is the idea of a bobby carrying a truncheon old-fashioned and unsafe, or is it something that works and that we should be proud of?\n\nMotion: This House would arm the police.\n\nAn argument for 'Police, arming of the': Carrying a gun gives a police officer authority in a way that the uniform alone does not. The officer does not need to use the gun; it is the carrying of it visibly that increases their status and there fore helps them to do their job."}
{'text': "This issue could be set in many countries where there is a history of a slave trade. It is often set in the USA where the descendants of many slaves live and where there is a strong lobby for more recognition and justice for this community. It could also be run country to country (e.g. that Britain should pay reparations to Jamaica; or the West should pay reparations to Africa). It may need to be established exactly who is to pay the reparations (countries or companies, for example) and who will receive them, and how much they will be; or it may be possible to have the debate as a principle.\n\nMotion: This House supports reparations for slavery.\n\nAn argument against 'Slavery, reparations for': The slave owners of the time were breaking no law. Society has now moved on and moral and legal positions have changed, but it is not fair to enact a retrospective punishment when people were acting within the law."}
{'text': "The modern fashion industry typically uses thin models; this debate focuses on the extreme of that trend, with (almost exclusively female) models becoming dangerously underweight. Reasons vary; many models simply profess a desire to improve their employment prospects, or the need to do so for a particular show, but the phenomenon is also linked very closely with eating disorders such as anorexia and bulimia. Public outcry reached its height when two Brazilian model sisters, Luisel and Eliana Ramos, died within six months of each other, both for reasons believed to be related to mal nutrition. In 2007, the Madrid and Milan Fashion Weeks both banned size zero models, and Spain and Israel both have legislation preventing the use of underweight models. However, they are still legal, and widely deployed, in the USA, the UK and France.\n\nMotion: This House would ban size zero models.\n\nAn argument against 'Size zero models, banning of': This policy is an unreasonable restriction on liberty. The state does not, in general, prevent people from doing harm to their own bodies, even where it might be fatal; cigarettes, alcohol and bungee-jumping are all examples of this. These women are perfectly capable of making rational decisions; many of them are not anorexic, and it is offensive to suppose that they are incapable of choosing to look a certain way of their own free will."}
{'text': "Most advanced industrial economies level some form of tax on inherited wealth, although it is usually only charged above a certain threshold, and certainly is not close to 100 per cent of the total assets considered. However, some states (Australia, Israel, some US jurisdictions) have abolished it and others have scaled it back. Importantly, inheritance tax (IHT) does not require anyone to lose anything they had before; it is impossible for someone to be made worse off by inheriting a taxed bequest.There is also generally an exemption for small items of sentimental value. Related debates include substantially raising inheritance tax or scrapping it altogether.\n\nMotion: This House supports a 100 per cent inheritancetax.\n\nAn argument for 'Inheritance tax at 100 per cent': Often, inherited wealth simply sits idle, because those who possess it simply have more money than they can spend. A 100per cent inheritance tax would transfer this money to people who would actually spend it, so providing the economy with avaluable boost."}
{'text': "Political correctness is a movement that or iginated in the USA in the 1980s. Its aim is to promote liberal and egalitarian attitudes especially through modifications to language and behaviour. In Britain, the main initial reaction to political correctness was one of derision, especially based on extreme examples of ‘PC’ talk. However, some examples of political correctness, such as the use of ‘she’ and ‘her’ rather than ‘he’ and ‘his’ as the default personal pronoun (e.g.‘the reader is asked to use her imagination’) have become widespread and accepted. The central question in this debate is whether modifying language and behaviour at the everyday level can really have a large-scale impact on equality and social justice. As always, address the principles and beware of playing‘example tennis’.\n\nMotion: This House would be politically correct.\n\nAn argument against 'Political correctness': The existence of politically correct language leads to people who are not in the know with the latest ever-changing vocabulary being wrongly labelled as racist or sexist. People who had been told to say ‘black’ rather than ‘coloured’ are then attacked for doing so. People should be judged for their actions and attitudes rather than having linguistic traps set for them."}
{'text': "The disaster at Fukushima Daiichi, Japan in 2011, in which an earthquake triggered meltdown at a major nuclear power plant, reignited the debate about nuclear energy.Prior to that, the world appeared to be marching slowly towards the greater use of nuclear power, but that progress is now somewhat in doubt. Fukushima caused five deaths; however, it is hard to estimate the precise number of deaths, as many are likely to occur in subsequent years from radiation increasing the risk of cancer. What seems certain is that it will not be comparable to the 1986 Chernobyl disaster, which killed 6,000 people directly, and anywhere between 27,000 and 985,000 indirectly.\n\nMotion: This House says ‘Yes, please’ to nuclear power.\n\nAn argument against 'Nuclear energy': In the 1950s, we were promised that nuclear energy would be so cheap that it would be uneconomic to meter electricity. Today, nuclear energy is still subsidised by the taxpayer. Old power stations require decommissioning; that will take 100 years and cost billions."}
{'text': "In spite of the growth of the World Trade Organization, which now has over 150 members committed to liberalising international trade, pure global free trade is a far-off prospect. Meanwhile, regional trade blocs (groups of countries which offer each other greater trading benefits) are growing fast. The EU is the most prominent, but there are many others, including NAFTA (North America), ASEAN (Southeast Asia), Mercosur (much of Latin America) and ECOWAS (Economic Community of West African States). These vary in their extent; for instance, the EU is fully integrated, extending totally free movement of labour and capital to its members, while NAFTA is more limited and focuses on reducing goods tariffs.\n\nMotion: This House prefers the WTO to the EU and NAFTA.\n\nAn argument against 'Regional trade blocs over global free trade': Free trade is not going to happen overnight. It is, of necessity, a gradual process of barrier reduction. States can retain transitional protectionist measures as they grow, preventing the shock caused by foreign entry into their markets, while ultimately moving towards free trade."}
{'text': "This debate looks at whether being an elected representative should be a full-time job,or whether politicians should be able to balance it with other paid work. Do we value politicians more if they devote their time while in government solely to politics, or do we welcome the idea of elected representatives having business interests outside their political role?\n\nMotion: This House would ban politicians from having outside interests.\n\nAn argument against 'Politicians’ outside interests, banning of': Political lobbying is acceptable so long as politicians declare their pay-masters. It is not the fact that finance is involved at all that is objectionable – a politician’s job is to persuade the government to pass legislation, so why should they not profit from doing their job? – but the fact that, if the arrangement is concealed, their motives are unclear. Declaration of outside interests is sufficient – they need not be banned."}
{'text': "This debate will inevitably tend to focus on bankers, because their bonuses tend to cause such uproar in the media, but bonuses are also a very common way of remunerating all sorts of executives. Many states have taken steps to limit bonuses, both in state-owned banks (especially the UK) and private sector ones too (e.g. Switzerland). Bonuses can come in cash or shares; the latter can be less desirable to CEOs especially, as they are often prevented from selling them for a limited period. Inevitably, steps might be taken to evade such limits.\n\nMotion: This House would ban bonuses.\n\nAn argument for 'Bonuses, banning of': Bonuses are an unjust reward frequently given for not really creating any genuine value. Often, they have become totally divorced from performance, and are given even in years where companies make huge losses. Some contracts even contain‘guaranteed’ bonuses, which misses the point of them completely; they should be special rewards, not ‘par for the course’."}
{'text': "The concept of an unmanned military aircraft is almost as old as the use of air power itself; one was first tested in 1916 for the Royal Air Force’s use in the First World War. However, they have, naturally, developed hugely in recent years, and are now inwide spread use in military operations around the world. They are also used for numerous purposes; sometimes they are simply for intelligence gathering, but they are also often deployed as part of the USA’s programme of covert assassination of terrorist leaders in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen. Drones began as a tool to support conventional operations on the battlefield, but in 2002, a Predator drone was used by the CIA to kill alleged terrorists in Yemen, and they are now regularly used off the battlefield. Worries that they might fall into the wrong hands were crystallised in 2011,when Iran captured an American RQ-170 drone which had been spying in its airspace. There are question marks about their legitimacy in international law, given that they are typically used for targeted assassinations, but there are no express rules governing their use at present.\n\nMotion: This House would ban the use of drones.\n\nAn argument for 'Military drones, prohibition of': Drones, by removing the human element of killing in war, encourage trigger-happy behaviour and so increase the likelihood of civilian casualties. When a person who will bear direct moral responsibility for the consequences of a bombing has to launch a powerful explosive device, they are more likely to adequately balance the need to achieve strategic objectives with the avoidance of civilian death. This is removed completely when the ‘buckstops’ with a technician who clicks amouse thousands of miles away,totally divorced from the situation, and who is more likely to fire on groups of people whose identity is unknown."}
{'text': "City centres around the world have taken different approaches to dealing with the gridlock and pollution that an abundance of cars can cause. London has a congestion charge, Los Angeles and Sydney have ‘carpool’ lanes and Athens restricts the days on which cars can enter the city. This debate suggests going further with an outright ban on cars in city centres. A definition should make sure to detail any exemptions the Proposition team wishes to make, such as emergency vehicles, taxis, deliveries or cars for people with disabilities, but be aware that too many exemptions could weaken the case.\n\nMotion: This House would ban cars from city centres.\n\nAn argument against 'Cars in city centres, banning of': Car emissions can be cut in city centres without banning cars outright. This could be done by incentivising car pools or charging people to drive in the city. These measures encourage people to make only essential journeys and to think about fuel efficiency without removing the liberty to drive. Technology continues to clean upcars. Catalytic converters and unleaded petrol make a big difference to air quality and the future may lie with hybrid or electric cars."}
{'text': "The first decade of the twenty-first century has seen a heated debate within the Anglican Church about whether it should allow the ordination of openly gay clergy and bishops. The Church of England, the Episcopal Church in the USA and the Anglican Church of Canada have accepted some gay clergy and, in 2004, Gene Robinson became the first openly gay minister to be made a bishop (the Bishop of New Hampshire in the Episcopal Church). However, the Anglican Communion worldwide is split on this issue, and in 2008, there was a boycott of the Lambeth Conference, such was the strength of the schism. Those opposed believe that homosexuality is against Christian teaching and have declared themselves in a state of ‘impaired communion’ with their liberal counterparts. The arguments here focus on the Anglican Church, but can be easily adapted to apply to other faiths.\n\nMotion: This House would ordain homosexuals.\n\nAn argument against 'Homosexuals, ordination of': The strength of the Christian religion rests on its ability to stand up for unchanging moral standards in a changing and morally degenerating world. Homosexuality is a misuse of natural gifts from God, a rejection of His design, and even if it issocially tolerated, it cannot be an accept-able way of life for a Christian minister who must stand as a moral example to the members of the church and provide a rolemodel of Christian living. The existence of a ‘gay gene’ does not make homosexuality morally right any more than other biological predispositions (e.g. to aggression, alcoholism or promiscuity) make their outcomes morally right. The analogy with the ordination of women does not hold either: people have no control over their gender, but they do have control over their sexual behaviour."}
{'text': "The continued and rising death toll from gun crime in the USA often makes it seembaffling that that country has stuck so closely to the right to bear arms contained in the Second Amendment to its Constitution, but there is still strong public support for it. The most high-profile incidents tend to occur in schools and universities (Columbine High, Virginia Tech, Sandy Hook), but gun crime clearly in fact kills far more people as a result of gang violence and other more run-of-the-mill crime. This debate requires the Proposition team to take a strong, principled stance on self-defence, but even so, they cannot ignore practical consequences.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the right to bear armsis dependent on the existence of a ‘well-regulated militia’.\n\nAn argument against 'Right to bear arms': Self-defence is, of course, important, but handguns are not the answer. When an assailant or intruder is armed with a gun, pulling a gun oneself is merely dangerous and inflammatory, greatly increasing the chance that one or both parties will be injured or killed. Allowing the ownership of handguns (rather than teaching unarmed forms of self-defence) will engender a mentality of vigilantism, encouraged further by rhetoric about ‘criminals getting the upper hand’. It is the job of the police, not of private citizens, to be armed and capable of tackling armed criminals."}
{'text': "There is a variety of substances and procedures which enhance physical performance that are banned in sports; for example, steroids, hormones and blood doping. Some sports such as cycling and athletics have seen many high-profile sports stars caught breaking the rules. Despite increased screening, some people believe that drug taking is still rife. The Proposition team must decide whether to allow everything in their definition, which will open them up to an attack of serious health risks; or whether to regulate the substances, which may undermine the point about a level playing field.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise performance-enhancing drugs in sport.\n\nAn argument for 'Performance-enhancing drugs in sport': The use of performance-enhancing drugs will make sport more exciting; it will literally become faster, higher, stronger. Imagine how fast Usain Bolt could run on steroids! It would be amazing to use drugs technology to push the limits of human performance in this way. It would still ultimately remain a competition between individuals and their training programmes. This would become one more enhancement like the right shoes, wetsuit, cycle, diet or altitude training. The athlete and his/her talent, drive and hard work would remain the most important factor (in fact, this would be truer because of the level playing field created by the policy)."}
{'text': "The censorship of music could cover lyrics containing expletive words, racism and misogyny, espousing or glorifying violence, using explicit sexual imagery, condoning drug use or any other such messages which support illegal behaviour. Rap and hip-hop in particular have been accused of spreading social problems through their lyrics, but all kinds of music could be targeted by this policy. Should freedom of artistic expression be absolute, or should the government intervene in the name of protecting all its citizens from violence and discrimination?\n\nMotion: This House would censor music lyrics.\n\nAn argument for 'Music lyrics, censorship of': Music lyrics can affect the subconscious because they are listened to repeatedly, but often without deliberate concentration. They are not therefore considered and challenged, but rather seep into people’s thought processes in an insidious way. A continual diet of misogyny, homophobia and casual violence affects the societal norms for those listening in a highly damaging way."}
{'text': "In spite of the obvious and incontrovertible evidence that the Holocaust was one of the most horrific events in human history, there remains a small number of radical neo-Nazi politicians, historians and their supporters who seek to deny that the Holocaust took place. It cannot be stressed enough that this is not a debate about that question, but about whether denying the Holocaust ought to be illegal. That is already the position in 17 European countries (most notably, Germany and France), and the EU has called for others to follow suit. In recent years, the view has also become popular in the Middle East as part of a political narrative about Israel, and has been prominently expressed by former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.\n\nMotion: This House would ban Holocaust denial.\n\nAn argument against 'Holocaust denial, criminalisation of': As always with radical and false views, the best way to defeat them is to challenge them in public. As they have no foundation, they will not be able to provide supporting facts, and their views will quickly crumble. When, in 1996, David Irving sued Deborah Lipstadt of Penguin Books for libel when she accused him of academic dishonesty, he overwhelmingly lost the case. These ridiculous views are then rightly subject to ridicule, and defeated."}
{'text': "Do referenda have a place in representative democracies? Some countries’ constitutionsdemand referenda on certain (often constitutional) issues. In other cases, it is up to thegovernment to call the referendum.The most common referenda deal with either moralquestions or constitutional issues which are seen as needing direct public involvement.Europe has seen a number of referenda on economic packages, such as bailouts, sincethe 2008 global financial crisis. In some countries such as Switzerland, the public cantrigger a referendum on any issue with a certain number of citizens backing it. The UK held a referendum on the Alternative Vote system in 2011.Would a move towardsfurther use of this participative model be beneficial, or is the reliance on electedrepresentatives to legislate on our behalf sufficient?\n\nMotion: This House calls for more use of the referen-dum.\n\nAn argument for 'Referenda, increased use of': The first democracy, in ancient Athens, did not rely on elected politicians and parliaments. Instead, the citizens met on the Pnyx hill to debate and vote on every issue of policy. Modern democracy and the size of the modern electorate have removed this participative element fromday-to-day politics and distanced people from decision making. We should return to a more direct form of democracy to reengage voters and increase participation. Referenda might work particularly well at the level of local government; e.g. in making transport, environmental and planning decisions."}
{'text': "As a formal matter of international law, military actions not in self-defence must be approved by the United Nations, or they are illegal. This debate proposes changing that position in order to encourage humanitarian interventions. It is worth noting that as sanctions for breaches of those rules are minimal, this debate takes place on the basis that actual sanctions for breach will be rare, although the International Criminal Court (ICC) has now agreed to prosecute the crime of aggression, so that may change in the future. Iraq will obviously loom large in this debate, but there are numerous other examples that are relevant.\n\nMotion: This House believes that humanitarian inter-ventions should not require UN approval.\n\nAn argument against 'Non-UN-sanctioned military intervention': If America had intervened in Libya without the need for Russia not to veto, it would have launched a disastrous ground campaign, rather than its careful, surgical air strikes. The requirement for negotiation and consensus makes interventions better than if they are hot-headedly launched by a single constituency."}
{'text': "A bill was passed through the House of Commons to legalise gay marriage in February 2013, but it remains a controversial topic in the UK and around the world. Many countries have now legalised it including the Netherlands, Spain and Canada, and it is legal in nine US states. Supporters of gay marriage see it as an important factor in equal rights, whereas its opponents see marriage as an inherently heterosexual union. A Proposition team may want to consider whether it would force religious institutions to marry gay couples, or whether it simply wants the union to be legally recognised where it is performed voluntarily by religious leaders or in civil ceremonies.\n\nMotion: This House would legalise gay marriage.\n\nAn argument against 'Gay marriage, legalising of': Marriage is primarily an institution to allow for the creation of children in a stable family environment. Homosexual couples can never produce a family and to allow them to marry is to overlook the history and meaning of marriage. We can endorse their love for one another without pretending that they are just like a heterosexual couple. Furthermore, their relationships, not being child-producing, do not need the same permanence for the sake of children that a marriage provides."}
{'text': "When the last edition of Pros and Conswas published (in 1999), it perhaps appeared asthough the fall of the Berlin Wall had settled this topic for most right-thinking people.But since then, numerous developments have revived an interest in investigating the fundamental acceptability of capitalism as an economic system such as the developmentof ‘Gross National Happiness’ indexes to measure welfare as more than financial; agrowing concern for capitalism’s impact on the environment; and of course, the global financial crisis. An important point to remember is that in between the two polar opposites presented here, there is a spectrum of different systems which involve partial regulation by the state of the market and the use of market forces to deliver essential governmental functions.\n\nMotion: This House believes that capitalism is a force for good in the world.\n\nAn argument for 'Capitalism v. Socialism': The endeavours of the entrepreneur, the landowner or the capitalist in fact benefit not only those individuals but all those millions who work under them, or those who gain work due to their efforts, the so-called subsidiary economies. Individuals who bring in investment from abroad andcreate successful enterprises are already benefiting the community at large by creating wealth, employment, better working conditions and an improved quality of life– they should not be required to do so a second time through redistribution of their private wealth."}
{'text': "In many countries, certain crimes carry mandatory prison sentences; that is, there is a level beyond which a judge cannot go, whatever the circumstances of the case. In some cases, such sentences are for a specific crime; for instance, many jurisdictions demand that murder carries a life sentence, and the USA has ‘mandatory minimums’ for particular drugs offences. In other cases, sentences are mandatory only if the offender has committed previous crimes; for instance, a ‘three strikes and you’re out’ policy which demands prison time for a third-time offender, whatever the crime.\n\nMotion: This House would give mandatory sentences torepeat offenders.\n\nAn argument for 'Mandatory prison sentences': It is a concern that crackdowns on crime often seem to have harsher consequences on black, Hispanic and Asian individuals than on white members of the community. But mandatory sentencing is not the cause of this discrepancy – it is an endemic problem for the judicial system and for society as a whole, and has complex socio-economic causes. Black communities are often poorer than white – a hangover of centuries of discrimination and inequalities – and poverty causes crime."}
{'text': "This entry looks at the teaching of religious studies (RS) as a subject rather than the existence of religious schools. Some countries, such as France, believe that religion has no place within state education. Other countries, such as the UK, offer RS, but allow parents to remove their children from the classes. A definition would need to clarify whether the debate was about instruction in one particular religion, or whether it was the study of all religions as a subject, or both.\n\nMotion: This House believes that religion has no place inour schools.\n\nAn argument for 'Religious teaching in schools': Religion has been so important to history – and is so important to a vast number of people alive today – that it clearly merits its place as an academic subject alongside History and Literature. In fact, the increasing secularisation and scientific progress of the world make it doubly important that the spiritual side of humanity is not ignored."}
{'text': "The actual act of prostitution – exchanging sex for money – is legal in many countries, although other practices associated with it are not. In Britain, for example, solicitation (i.e. negotiating with potential customers), advertising, ‘curb-crawling’ or running brothels (where two or more prostitutes work) are all illegal, while prostitution itself is not. In the USA, it is a misdemeanour, except in parts of Nevada. But that is not to say that Britain encourages prostitution – the act is legal because it happens behind closed doors and any law against it is unenforceable. This debate is therefore about the principle of tolerating open prostitution. A Proposition team may want to clarify whether they would legalise all practices related to prostitution, or whether they would have a more regulated system such as licensed brothels.\n\nMotion: This House would lift all restrictions onprostitution.\n\nAn argument against 'Prostitution, legalisation of': At the moment, the spread of STDs among prostitutes is very low. They are well versed in spotting symptoms in customers, and insist on the use of condoms just as dentists use rubber gloves. Also, the sort of customer who might break the law in visiting prostitutes now is unlikely to be conscientious about demanding recently renewed licences."}
{'text': "In 2013, 58 countries still use the death penalty as a form of punishment. The vast majority of executions take place in China, which is thought to execute more than 4,000 people a year; Iran comes second with about 400; no other state executes more than 100 prisoners a year. As such, it is a punishment mostly used sparingly and for the most serious crimes; murder is the primary one, though some countries retain it for drug-related offences as well. The methods of capital punishment also vary; some US states retain the use of gas chambers to execute prisoners, but most use lethal injection.\n\nMotion: This House would reintroduce the death penalty.\n\nAn argument against 'Capital punishment': If the death penalty is such a deterrent, then why is the murder rate so high in the USA? There has been virtually no change in the overall rate since 1976 when the death penalty was reinstated, despite an enormous increase in the number of executions. Also, death penalty states often have a higher murder rate than their neighbouring states that do not use the death penalty. A distinction also needs to be made between local short-term deterrents (immediately after executions in particular places) and long-term deterrents that have an effect on national crime rates, for which there is less evidence."}
{'text': "The International Criminal Court (ICC) came into being on 1 July 2002. Located in The Hague, the ICC is intended to prosecute the most important war criminals,replacing special regional tribunals for Rwanda, the former Yugoslavia and Sierra Leone that had represented the world’s first attempt at taking a strong stand against the most heinous atrocities. There are three routes by which a case can come to the court. First, if the crime took place in one of the states that are parties to the case. Second, if the accused is a national of a state that is a party to the case. Third, if it is referred by the UN Security Council. At the time of writing, of 30 people indicted by the ICC, 13 remain at large, 7 are being held before trial, 4 have been acquitted, 2 are appealing convictions, 2 are on trial, and 2 have died.\n\nMotion: This House believes that war crimes are a globalresponsibility.\n\nAn argument for 'International Criminal Court, abolition of the': The ICC is a violation of national sovereignty. Criminal law is the responsibility of individual states, which should be able to decide when to punish their citizens. The ICC violates that, especially because states do not even have to sign up, but can be ‘referred’ by the UN Security Council."}
{'text': "The debate about how to tackle global warming presents a paradox. On the one hand, most of the damage done to the environment historically was done by Western nations, which industrialised first, and reaped the economic benefits. On the other hand, many of the world’s most significant producers of CO2 today are developing countries, which are only just industrialising, and their role in CO2 emissions is only growing. China is the largest single polluter (though it pollutes less per person than the USA), with 16.4per cent of the global emissions total in 2011, with America a close second with 15.7per cent. Brazil, Indonesia, Russia and India (all developing as middle-income nations)occupy places three to six in the league table of carbon producers (though if the EU is counted as one entity rather than 27 separate countries, it rises to third place). This paradox therefore presents a difficult question: should developed countries bear more of the burden for reducing emissions and preventing global warming?\n\nMotion: This House believes that the developed worldshould bear the burden of fighting climatechange.\n\nAn argument against 'Environmental responsibility, developed world shouldtake more': The developed world did emit a lot of CO2 in the past, but it did not know that what it was doing was damaging; at the time that industrialisation began, we did not realise that global warming was occurring, and certainly not that it was a man-made phenomenon. By contrast, the developing world’s current refusal means that it is wilfully and with foresight destroying the environment."}
{'text': "The concept of an unmanned military aircraft is almost as old as the use of air power itself; one was first tested in 1916 for the Royal Air Force’s use in the First World War. However, they have, naturally, developed hugely in recent years, and are now inwide spread use in military operations around the world. They are also used for numerous purposes; sometimes they are simply for intelligence gathering, but they are also often deployed as part of the USA’s programme of covert assassination of terrorist leaders in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen. Drones began as a tool to support conventional operations on the battlefield, but in 2002, a Predator drone was used by the CIA to kill alleged terrorists in Yemen, and they are now regularly used off the battlefield. Worries that they might fall into the wrong hands were crystallised in 2011,when Iran captured an American RQ-170 drone which had been spying in its airspace. There are question marks about their legitimacy in international law, given that they are typically used for targeted assassinations, but there are no express rules governing their use at present.\n\nMotion: This House would ban the use of drones.\n\nAn argument for 'Military drones, prohibition of': The harms of drone warfare are inherent to the drones themselves. No one seriously believes that drone ‘regulation’would do much to limit their usage. Rather, a total ban in international law would make it easier to control them; they could then be impounded or shot down if found, and sanctions could be imposed on countries seeking to develop them to inhibit those countries from getting the relevant technology. Regulation simply represents a tacit acceptance by the international community that drones are acceptable."}
{'text': "In some countries, state education is almost entirely co-educational. Other countries, like the UK, have a more diverse variety of schools, with church schools and many private schools choosing to educate girls and boys separately. Is the opposite sex a distraction from a good education or is segregation unnatural? A definition in this debate may need to specify an age range as some countries have single-sex schools only from 7, 11 or 13 and some mix genders only from 16.\n\nMotion: This House would educate boys and girlstogether.\n\nAn argument for 'Co-education': The system of single-sex schools arose from the chauvinistic society of the past, where men held all major positions in society and were accordingly given a better education. It then moved on to different curricula, with girls learning to sew while boys concentrated on science. It is now recognised that the sexes have equal rights: of employment, of social benefit and of education. The best way to ensure that this equality happens in practice is by educating the sexes together. The fact that single-sex schools tend to have a majority of teachers of that sex – especially in the higher positions such as that of head teacher – means that women teachers are discriminated against in boys’ schools, and vice versa, and that young people lack strong role models of the opposite sex."}
{'text': "There are different examples of blood sports in different cultures; cockfighting is illegal in most Western countries now, but is popular in much of Asia and Latin America; some parts of Spain still enjoy bullfighting. In the UK, foxhunting was banned in 2004, but the legislation is not rigorously enforced, and in 2013, hunts still take place up and down the country; Pakistan recently banned dogfighting, but it is still popular in rural areas. A debate may focus on one of these sports or look at banning them collectively. Not all of the arguments work for all of the sports – the issues around bullfighting and hunting, for example, overlap but are different, so be sure to pick your arguments accordingly. See also the introduction to the debate on ‘Animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘Animal rights’ (Section A) for a general summary of animal rights debates.\n\nMotion: This House believes that the unspeakable shouldleave the inedible alone.\n\nAn argument for 'Blood sports, abolition of': Nobody has a right to continue with cultural practices which are harmful (to humans, animals or society as a whole). Cultures must evolve to conform to society’s values. Public executions and freakshows were once culturally significant. They have gone, and blood sports must go the same way."}
{'text': "In one sense, Marxism refers to the array of beliefs held by German philosopher and social critic Karl Marx, the intellectual founding father of communism. But as time has passed, clearly Marxist ideas have been put to a variety of different uses, many with obvious regrettable consequences (such as Soviet oppression).This debate should focuson retaining the core ideas of a Marxist theory, without simply harping on about the failures of certain past attempts to put them into practice. Another important point is that there are many sensible alternatives to Marxism that are themselves very different;this topic presumes that Marxism is being compared with a broadly egalitarian distribution of wealth favoured by philosophers such as John Rawls, who argued that we should only accept inequalities in so far as they benefit the least well-off in society. Marxism, however, favours a much more radical restructuring of society that goes well beyond redistributive taxation.\n\nMotion: This House believes that workers of the worldshould unite.\n\nAn argument against 'Marxism': It ridiculously strips people of all of the attributes that make them unique and individual to say that they do not deserve anything based on their attributes at birth rather than things they have chosen. Attributes of birth are essential components of who we are, and we should be unwilling to sacrifice them."}
{'text': "Most advanced industrial economies level some form of tax on inherited wealth, although it is usually only charged above a certain threshold, and certainly is not close to 100 per cent of the total assets considered. However, some states (Australia, Israel, some US jurisdictions) have abolished it and others have scaled it back. Importantly, inheritance tax (IHT) does not require anyone to lose anything they had before; it is impossible for someone to be made worse off by inheriting a taxed bequest.There is also generally an exemption for small items of sentimental value. Related debates include substantially raising inheritance tax or scrapping it altogether.\n\nMotion: This House supports a 100 per cent inheritancetax.\n\nAn argument against 'Inheritance tax at 100 per cent': Rather than being an unfair benefit, injections of capital in middle age simply help families get by before they have real assets to speak of. When they have children, their expenses often go up far more than their salaries. Inheritances simply allow them to live moderately comfortable lives."}
{'text': "Voting is compulsory in a number of jurisdictions including Australia, Belgium, Brazil and Bolivia. In Australia, failure to vote is punishable by fines or even by imprisonment, whereas in other countries the sanction can be a with holding of benefits or services. A definition may wish to consider which type of sanction the Proposition team wish to endorse and what level of elections this applies to. It is also possible to include a ‘no vote’ box on the ballot paper to allow for a rejection of all candidates.\n\nMotion: This House would make voting compulsory.\n\nAn argument for 'Voting, compulsory': Liberal democracy relies upon a balance of rights. The above argument shows that our democracy is endangered through a lack of participation in elections. The resolution of such a crisis may in a small way restrict some personal liberties, but it is in the interests of society as a whole. We compel people to take part in other civic duties such as serving on juries and paying taxes and we should not be afraid to do the same in the case of voting. Besides, anyone wishing to register an abstention can do so by spoiling the ballot paper, leaving it unmarked or crossing the ‘no vote’ box, if available."}
{'text': "This is fundamentally another debate about whether the government should intervene to protect individuals from themselves. Many Western governments have now passed legislation to discourage smoking, including banning tobacco advertising, banning smoking in public places, raising the minimum age for smoking, significantly raising taxes on tobacco and covering cigarette packets in graphic health warnings. Are these measures enough or do they go too far? Or do we still need to stop all smoking in private as well?\n\nMotion: This House would ban smoking.\n\nAn argument against 'Smoking, banning of': In the UK, revenue from duty and VAT on cigarettes exceeds the cost to the National Health Service by more than 10 to 1. Working hours are lost through many different sorts of self-indulgence."}
{'text': "See the introduction to the debate on ‘animal experimentation and vivisection, banning of ’ (Section E) and the entry on ‘animal rights’ (Section A). The conditions of animals in captivity vary hugely around the world. If the debate is set in your own country, you will need to consider the specific treatment of the animals. The definition could also include or exclude safari parks, where the animals roam around an open area that visitors drive through, rather than living in cages.\n\nMotion: This House would free the animals.\n\nAn argument for 'Zoos, abolition of': Larger zoos that claim to be for educational benefit are kidding themselves; visitors usually spend no more than a few minutes at each exhibit, using the animals rather for entertainment. The public can watch nature documentaries and find out about how animals act in their own habitat, which is more educational than seeing them in cages. Their primary use for research is to devise ways to breed and maintain more animals in captivity. If zoos ceased to exist, so would the need for their research."}
{'text': "Frank Sinatra once sang that ‘love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage’. Did this view die with Sinatra in 1998 or is it still a defensible one? Is there something special about marriage that differentiates it from the ever more popular arrangement of cohabitation? Does marriage provide children with a more stable family home, or is the marital status of their parents (or parent) immaterial?\n\nMotion: This House would get married for the sake ofthe children.\n\nAn argument for 'Marriage': Marriage is the foundation of the stable family unit within which children can have the best possible start to life. Studies repeatedly show that children who grow up with married parents are the best adjusted and most successful. Therefore, for the sake of their children, prospective parents have a duty to marry in order to provide the real security and trust that children need. A couple who are not married will never be able to offer the same psychologically crucial promise of security to each other or to their children."}
{'text': "This is a policy that sits ill with the long-held legal doctrine that for most crimes, a person must have the relevant mens rea (state of mind) for that crime; it is hard to see how parents can have the state of mind for a crime committed by someone else. But it is easy to borrow from other areas of law, such as the doctrine of ‘vicarious liability’ which holds employers civilly liable for the actions of their employees, to make this work. While thereare no examples of this policy being enacted in a complete way, there are some smaller-scale examples of it, such as punishing parents for their children playing truant from school or bullying other children (the former in Florida, the latter in Michigan).\n\nMotion: This House would punish parents for theirchildren’s crimes.\n\nAn argument against 'Parents, responsibility for the criminal acts of their children': This will not deter children from crimes; the reason that children commit crimes is not because of a rational cost-benefit analysis, but because they believe they will not get caught. Moreover, some children may not love their parents, but will see this as an opportunity for revenge, especially if they themselves are too young to be sent to prison for the crime as well; that is a win-win scenario for a child criminal."}
{'text': "From the six members who signed the Treaty of Rome in 1957, to Croatia becomingthe 28th member state on 1 July 2013, the EU’s history has been one of continuousexpansion, as new states see the merits of the European project and seek to gain benefitsof membership. Equally, some think that whatever the merits of past expansions, it is nolonger viable for the EU to expand further; it has simply reached the limits for a viableinstitution that is so closely integrated. However, the requirement that new memberstates join the euro has deterred many prospective entrants, given its recent instability;perversely, however, the global financial crisis appears to have encouraged other newentrants, especially Iceland, whose own currency problems were so bad that even theeuro seemed preferable.\n\nMotion: This House would expand the EU indefinitely.\n\nAn argument for 'European Union, expansion of the': The EU has now adapted its institutions sufficiently to be highly capable of adapting to large numbers of new entrants. For instance, the reforms in the Lisbon Treaty (2007) relating to the management of the European Commission and the budget process mean that new members can now be absorbed in a flexible manner. Thus, new members do not present serious institutional problems."}
{'text': "City centres around the world have taken different approaches to dealing with the gridlock and pollution that an abundance of cars can cause. London has a congestion charge, Los Angeles and Sydney have ‘carpool’ lanes and Athens restricts the days on which cars can enter the city. This debate suggests going further with an outright ban on cars in city centres. A definition should make sure to detail any exemptions the Proposition team wishes to make, such as emergency vehicles, taxis, deliveries or cars for people with disabilities, but be aware that too many exemptions could weaken the case.\n\nMotion: This House would ban cars from city centres.\n\nAn argument against 'Cars in city centres, banning of': Emissions of CO2 must be cut, but this is not the way to do it. Banning cars from city centres simply displaces the traffic to the suburbs and out of town. It possibly causes longer journeys leading to more emissions overall. CO2 levels should be tackled at the level of industry and energy reduction."}
{'text': "If the media know that a public figure is gay but they have not come out of their own accord, should their privacy be respected or should they be ‘outed’? Is there a duty to be out, or should people be able to hide their sexuality if they wish? This debate is not about a law, but rather about the principle.\n\nMotion: This House would ‘out’ gay celebrities.\n\nAn argument against 'Homosexuals, outing of': The consequences of outing can be terrible. Coming out frequently entails rejection by family and friends and the destruction of careers. It can lead to a complete change of lifestyle and requires careful and meditative preparation. To out someone who is not prepared can lead to nervous breakdowns or even suicide. Many public figures have indeed given up their careers or killed themselves to avoid being outed."}
{'text': "Cosmetic surgery is a sub-category of ‘plastic’ surgery, which is the use of surgical techniques to change physical appearance, and derives from the Greek word plastikos for ‘able to be moulded’. The other category, which this debate is not about, is‘reconstructive’ surgery, which helps people recovering from severely deforming accidents to look as they did before. Cosmetic surgery is about procedures to make subjects more attractive. In 2011, there were over 1.6 million cosmetic procedures in the USA alone; 91 per cent of those were performed on women.\n\nMotion: This House would ban cosmetic surgery.\n\nAn argument against 'Cosmetic surgery, banning of': It is not clear that caring about physical appearance is ‘unhealthy’; we allow people to work hard to improve their intelligence, and taking steps to make themselves more attractive is not different. Second, even if it were, surgery can not be meaningfully distinguished from extreme dieting, the use of huge quantities of make-up or the huge numbers of non-surgical cosmetic ‘procedures’ like Botoxin jections; if those things are to be allowed, then surely cosmetic surgery is merely a route by which something more successfully transformative could be achieved."}
{'text': "Juries are an integral part of the criminal justice system in most ‘common law” countries, such as the UK, the USA and Australia, but are totally alien in ‘civil law’ systems like France and Germany. They were abolished in South Africa in 1969 as the apartheid government did not want black jurors sitting in judgement on their peers. In some cases, jurors may also sit in non-criminal claims cases; in the USA, juries sit in personal injury or medical negligence cases, which has led to very high pay-outs in those trials. Similar worries have emerged in the UK where juries occasionally sit in libel claims cases, and often tend to give huge pay-outs for damage to reputation which are even larger than those for physical harm.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish jury trials.\n\nAn argument for 'Jury trials, abolition of': Judges can be relied on to enforce the law more faithfully, as it has been made by democratic institutions, and because they have had a lifetime of believing that this is the correct way for a system to operate. Indeed it is; democratic institutions should make the laws, and the legal system should then enforce them. Anything else represents a troubling breakdown in the separation of powers."}
{'text': "Utilitarianism is almost certainly the best known moral framework, but it is often used imprecisely.That is perhaps the fault of the slogan coined by Jeremy Bentham (1776) in A Fragment on Government,advocating the ‘greatest happiness of the greatest number’. But as a moment’s reflection shows, that is not one principle, but two. There might be some hypothetical situations where we can, for instance, increase 20 people’s happiness by one unit, or 10 people’s by three units; in such a case, the ‘greatest happiness’ would commend the latter, but the ‘greatest number’ would commend the former. Put simply,utilitarians believe in creating the greatest amount of happiness possible.That may sound like an intuitively plausible claim, but as the following arguments show, it is far from obvious that utilitarianism is the correct moral world view.This raises a final important point; utilitarianism may be deployed in many debates, but it must be argued for. Simply to say ‘According to John Stuart Mill’s principle of utilitarianism . . .’ does not advance the debate.\n\nMotion: This House would maximise happiness.\n\nAn argument against 'Utilitarianism': In theory, utilitarianism might allow for easy trade-offs; but in practice, that is absurd. We do not know how to value happiness; we do not know if everyone experiences it with the same intensity, or whether some people can get happier than others.We also do not know how to measure it; as such, it is not at all useful in making real-world choices."}
{'text': "In the USA, most judges at a state level are elected, but federal judges are appointed by the president, subject to confirmation by the senate. In the UK and most other ‘common law’ countries, judges are appointed, usually by independent and expert commissions. It is important to realise that there are many indirect consequences of elections of judges, most prominently the increase in politicisation of the judiciary.Judicial appointments outside the USA receive very little public scrutiny, whereas in America they are front-page news. It is important to recognise that judges perform a wide range of functions, which may differ in their relevance to politics; interpreting the Insolvency Acts is unlikely to be a highly political activity, but reducing murderers’ sentences obviously is.\n\nMotion: This House would elect its judges.\n\nAn argument against 'Judges, election of': In a civilised society we should seek to minimise the influence of ‘mob rule’. Democratic and judicial processes are set up specifically to remove important judicial decisions from emotive public pressure and prejudice. Elected judges will pander to public opinion (e.g. turning down appeals against death penalty sentences), seeking votes rather than justice. Second, public opinion already has enough influence on the judicial process. Punishments and laws are set by elected politicians, and the judiciary typically shows considerable deference to those politicians on matters of public policy."}
{'text': "This debate draws on the presence and growing use of voluntary ‘fat camps’, or weight-loss camps, in the USA, the UK and Canada to deal with the problem of obesity, especially childhood obesity. They involve people voluntarily checking into residential camps where they eat carefully prescribed diets, away from temptation, and exercise heavily. They can also involve nutrition classes and cognitive behavioural therapy designed to achieve positive long-term outcomes. This policy obviously varies in making them compulsory.\n\nMotion: This House would force obese children toattend weight-loss camps.\n\nAn argument against 'Obese children, compulsory attendance at weight-loss camps': The stigma of having been sent away to ‘fat camp’ will be significant. When children are released from such camps, they could become pariahs within their social networks, and be unable to lead normal lives. This would only increase the stresses that made them overweight in the first place."}
{'text': "Some countries, including Britain, provide free nursery or kindergarten education for one or two years before the start of school. But is this a good use of state funding? Should children be left to play at this age, or can these years be the foundation of success in education?\n\nMotion: This House believes that nursery education is aright, not a privilege.\n\nAn argument for 'Nursery education, free provision of by the state': If free nursery education is not provided by the state, then only the rich will continue to provide it for their children. This is particularly pernicious, as it means that social and economic inequalities are being engrained in the next generation from the first few years of their lives. Those whose parents could not afford nursery education will be at an intellectual and educational disadvantage from the outset. Free nursery education is a crucial way for a government to fight against the perpetuation of elitism and in equality. We should not be totally fatalistic about inequality – free nursery education will do something to redress the balance, even though it will not, of course, wipe out economic differences."}
{'text': "Political correctness is a movement that or iginated in the USA in the 1980s. Its aim is to promote liberal and egalitarian attitudes especially through modifications to language and behaviour. In Britain, the main initial reaction to political correctness was one of derision, especially based on extreme examples of ‘PC’ talk. However, some examples of political correctness, such as the use of ‘she’ and ‘her’ rather than ‘he’ and ‘his’ as the default personal pronoun (e.g.‘the reader is asked to use her imagination’) have become widespread and accepted. The central question in this debate is whether modifying language and behaviour at the everyday level can really have a large-scale impact on equality and social justice. As always, address the principles and beware of playing‘example tennis’.\n\nMotion: This House would be politically correct.\n\nAn argument for 'Political correctness': It is easy for opponents to pick out silly examples where political correctness has been taken to extremes. The existence of such examples does not mean that the whole movement should be abolished."}
{'text': "This debate will inevitably tend to focus on bankers, because their bonuses tend to cause such uproar in the media, but bonuses are also a very common way of remunerating all sorts of executives. Many states have taken steps to limit bonuses, both in state-owned banks (especially the UK) and private sector ones too (e.g. Switzerland). Bonuses can come in cash or shares; the latter can be less desirable to CEOs especially, as they are often prevented from selling them for a limited period. Inevitably, steps might be taken to evade such limits.\n\nMotion: This House would ban bonuses.\n\nAn argument for 'Bonuses, banning of': Bonuses encourage a focus on the short term. As they are calculated at the end of each financial year, the goal is to earn as much money as possible in that time; as such, there is a total disregard for investments which may not mature for a number of years, and also no qualms about assets that might rise slowly for five years and then crash catastrophically. No one gets their bonus in previous years taken back, so such investments are still winners for the bankers."}
{'text': "The norms for school dress code vary around the world from a strict uniform through dress codes to no, or very few, restrictions on clothing. This is usually a debate that school pupils themselves have very strong opinions on. A definition may want to address the age range it is targeting, and the anti-uniform side could clarify how free it wants dress to be.\n\nMotion: This House believes school uniforms are a good idea.\n\nAn argument against 'School uniform': Expressing their individuality is important to many young people. Clothing can be a powerful way of establishing your identity. A uniform seeks to turn pupils into drones rather than allowing them to grow and experiment."}
{'text': "Many football matches have been marred in recent years by the violent or abusive behaviour of the fans. This has included mass rioting as in the Juventus v. Liverpool European Cup Final in 1985. More often the behaviour manifests itself in the throwing of objects at players, or insulting players because of their racial/ethnic background. Nowadays, CCTV may bring the perpetrators to justice, but there is a feeling that since the club is a community, the team should also face the consequences.\n\nMotion: This House would punish sports teams for thebehaviour of their fans.\n\nAn argument for 'Sports teams punished for the behaviour of fans': There is a problem in some sports (especially soccer) in that racism and violence are rife. The crowd situation makes it hard to target individuals. This means there are few consequences for offending and if some perpetrators are caught, plenty are left to continue making trouble. It is essential to find a solution that tackles the group nature of the issue and this proposal does just that."}
{'text': "This debate is not unlike the debate about limiting bonuses, but salary caps have a less direct impact on incentive structures for executives, so this debate is more about the morality of earnings. Pay for CEOs has risen particularly rapidly in recent years, and certainly much faster than average earnings. To put it in context, the average American CEO earns US$9.7 million a year, or 3,489 years of salary for the average worker.\n\nMotion: This House would cap executive salaries.\n\nAn argument against 'Salary capping, mandatory': Salaries do reflect the profit making of their recipients. Someone who is very good at banking genuinely produces millions of dollars in value. That is the nature of the whole underlying economic structure, not salaries themselves."}
{'text': "There are numerous debates about animal rights, ranging from vegetarianism, to the testing of cosmetics or medicines, to laws against animal cruelty in bullfighting.However, many of them share a common and underlying question: what rights, if any,do animals have? It is important to note that denying animal rights does not necessarily equate to saying that unrestrained cruelty to animals is acceptable; rather, it is the denial that they have the particularly strong moral weight afforded by rights. What a right is constitutes a difficult question, and partly one which the debate will inevitably focus on; that said, both teams must be careful to be precise about exactly what having certain rights would entail, rather than using the concept loosely.\n\nMotion: This House would repeal all laws protecting animals.\n\nAn argument against 'Animal rights': Some say that what is relevant is not whether an animal can reason, but whether it can suffer. Whatever the case,animals do not feel pain in the same way as humans; their nervous systems are less developed, and so their pain counts for less than ours. That is particularly important given that animal rights are usually sacrificed to do some good for humans; forinstance, to test potentially life-saving medicines.The pain we inflict on an animal through animal testing, for example, is far less devastating to a life than the pain we seek to cure in a human being’s life. The animal’s pain is ‘worth it’. If granting rights to animals means we can no longer test medication on them, we are not weighing up harms and benefits in the right way."}
{'text': "Many countries subsidise the arts to some degree. The French, for example, subsidise their film industry; the Indian government gives money to dance, music and drama; and the British government, through the Arts Council, has supported arts projects, some of which have invited controversy. In contrast, the USA gives very little support to artists, but does fund free access to national art galleries. The arguments vary slightly in the debate, depending on whether you are talking about giving the money towards the creation or the consumption of the arts, but most definitions will cover both.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish state funding of the arts.\n\nAn argument for 'Arts funding by the state, abolition of': In some countries, the arts are indirectly funded by unemployment payments to young musicians and artists who claim dole payments and do not seek work, but simply want to develop their artistic talents. But there is no reason why such people should not organise their time to include part-time work as well as time for their artistic development. It is illogical to assume that artistic talent must go hand in hand with a chaotic, self-indulgent and undisciplined lifestyle."}
{'text': "The modern fashion industry typically uses thin models; this debate focuses on the extreme of that trend, with (almost exclusively female) models becoming dangerously underweight. Reasons vary; many models simply profess a desire to improve their employment prospects, or the need to do so for a particular show, but the phenomenon is also linked very closely with eating disorders such as anorexia and bulimia. Public outcry reached its height when two Brazilian model sisters, Luisel and Eliana Ramos, died within six months of each other, both for reasons believed to be related to mal nutrition. In 2007, the Madrid and Milan Fashion Weeks both banned size zero models, and Spain and Israel both have legislation preventing the use of underweight models. However, they are still legal, and widely deployed, in the USA, the UK and France.\n\nMotion: This House would ban size zero models.\n\nAn argument for 'Size zero models, banning of': Most obviously, being size zero is highly dangerous for these models’ health. While a ban would not guarantee that they would pursue a healthier lifestyle, it gives them a strong economic incentive to do so, because they have to gain weight to be employable. At the extreme end, this will prevent deaths, but it will also ensure that far more young women avoid doing long-term damage to their bodies by being dangerously underweight for much of their teens and twenties."}
{'text': "Britain is one of a small minority of countries where the police force does not carry guns. Is the idea of a bobby carrying a truncheon old-fashioned and unsafe, or is it something that works and that we should be proud of?\n\nMotion: This House would arm the police.\n\nAn argument against 'Police, arming of the': The police need the trust of the public, not its fear. They need communities to report crimes and aid investigations and this would be hindered by the presence of guns."}
{'text': "Some countries, such as Australia, fund their political parties through tax payers’ money.Other countries, including the UK, require their political parties to fundraise to meet their costs. Which system is fairer and more democratic? The different models for state funding are complex, but it may be worth a Proposition team giving some details about the system they would use as it can affect the arguments. It is possible, however, to have the debate in principle and this article looks at the arguments as they work across various models. There is an interesting related debate on capping campaign expenditure which also seeks to create a more transparent political system.\n\nMotion: This House supports state funding of politicalparties.\n\nAn argument against 'State funding of political parties': We have to protect people’s freedom to participate in the political system and giving money to political parties is one way of doing this. It is a step down from standing for office oneself and on a par with giving one’s time for campaigning. It is not just millionaires who donate; many working people donate small amounts to parties through unions and it is the number of them that make them significant. Parties do not change their policies as a result of donations, but rather, donations follow policies; e.g. big businesses give money to the party they would like to see elected because they support their policies. There is nothing corrupt about this."}
{'text': "This topic will rarely be set as bluntly as a straightforward question of whether there should be any censorship or not, but rather reflects an underlying theme in numerous debates, about when and where the state should intervene in speech acts. It is important to adapt the arguments below to context; censorship of pornography, for instance, isquite a different question from whether racist political parties should be censored. However, the overarching theme is an age-old one, dating back at least to Plato, and remains very important.\n\nMotion: This House believes that censorship has noplace in a free society.\n\nAn argument against 'Censorship by the state': Censorship is wrong in principle. However violently we may disagree with a person’s point of view or mode of expression, they must be free to express themselves in a free and civilised society. Antiincitement laws can be distinguished onthe grounds that the causal connection between speech and physical harm is so close, whereas in most censorship it is far more distant."}
{'text': "In spite of the general move towards democracy around the world, there are numerous dictatorial regimes worldwide. In general, military intervention in them would be impossible or impractical, but it is possible that targeted assassination might be more successful. The development of technology, and the greater use of assassination as a strategy for other targets including terrorists, makes assassination a more plausible route for ridding the world of them.\n\nMotion: This House would assassinate foreign dictators.\n\nAn argument for 'Dictators, assassination of': Dictators pose a danger to international peace. Their unpopularity at home frequently causes them to launch foreign wars as a distraction (e.g. the Argentine military junta invaded the Falkland Islands in 1982, and Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1990). The removal of one individual through assassination may prevent thousands from dying and millions from suffering. Moreover, dictators often present a clear danger to their own populations; for instance, the massacres of Basharal-Assad’s regime in Syria."}
{'text': "The Commonwealth of Nations (or ‘The British Commonwealth’ until 1949) is a voluntary association of 54 nations (as of 2013) – each (except Mozambique and Rwanda) having once been a colony, protectorate or dependency of Britain, or of another Commonwealth country. In 1991, the Commonwealth Heads of Government issued the Harare Commonwealth Declaration stating the principles and purpose of the Commonwealth – co-operation in pursuit of world peace, commitment to the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights, opposition to all forms of racial oppression, commitment to the removal of disparities in living standards among member nations, equal rights for women, the rule of law and democratic government. In recent years, Nigeria, Pakistan, Zimbabwe and Fiji have all been suspended – one of the Commonwealth’s strongest sanctions – over military coups. Additionally, newly independent or only semi-recognised states, such as the Republic of South Sudan and Somaliland, have applied to join, welcoming the Commonwealth’s support and stamp of approval.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the Commonwealth.\n\nAn argument for 'Commonwealth, abolition of the': International organisations (notably the UN and Amnesty International) already exist to promote education, human rights and equality worldwide. The Harare Declaration is simply an empty repetition of these organisations’ principles. Trading blocs such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA ) , the EU, and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), which are based on real economic and political interests, foster international trade. In all its supposed roles, the Commonwealth is merely duplicating functions performed better by other international organisations."}
{'text': "Some countries, including Britain, provide free nursery or kindergarten education for one or two years before the start of school. But is this a good use of state funding? Should children be left to play at this age, or can these years be the foundation of success in education?\n\nMotion: This House believes that nursery education is aright, not a privilege.\n\nAn argument for 'Nursery education, free provision of by the state': Nursery schools provide crucial social training for young children as well as preparation for academic work and school. Without free nursery education, more and more children will grow up socially underdeveloped – a real worry in our modern society where the idea of community has almost completely broken down. Socially undeveloped children can grow into anti-social and even criminal adolescents."}
{'text': "Like the future of healthcare and unemployment benefits, this issue is made particularly topical by the rapidly escalating costs to developed countries of old-age entitlements(pensions and free medical care). As life expectancy increases, the average age of the population is growing, and in the twenty-first century, many more retired citizens will be supported by many fewer taxpayers. It has been said that a society can be judged by how it looks after its oldest members, but can a state sustain a universal pension scheme or should we be made (or left to choose) to invest in private pension schemes or investments to secure our own future?\n\nMotion: This House would privatise the pension system.\n\nAn argument against 'State pensions, ending provision of': This is a remarkably heartless attitude that would leave those who do not invest wisely, leave investment too late or cannot afford to invest in the first place without the safety net of government support. Self-sufficient individuals can (and do) invest in private pension schemes over and above the National Insurance system, giving them all the freedom they need to create a comfortable retirement."}
{'text': "The Commonwealth of Nations (or ‘The British Commonwealth’ until 1949) is a voluntary association of 54 nations (as of 2013) – each (except Mozambique and Rwanda) having once been a colony, protectorate or dependency of Britain, or of another Commonwealth country. In 1991, the Commonwealth Heads of Government issued the Harare Commonwealth Declaration stating the principles and purpose of the Commonwealth – co-operation in pursuit of world peace, commitment to the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights, opposition to all forms of racial oppression, commitment to the removal of disparities in living standards among member nations, equal rights for women, the rule of law and democratic government. In recent years, Nigeria, Pakistan, Zimbabwe and Fiji have all been suspended – one of the Commonwealth’s strongest sanctions – over military coups. Additionally, newly independent or only semi-recognised states, such as the Republic of South Sudan and Somaliland, have applied to join, welcoming the Commonwealth’s support and stamp of approval.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish the Commonwealth.\n\nAn argument for 'Commonwealth, abolition of the': The Commonwealth is indecisive and impotent. Despite declarations in Singapore in 1971 and Harare in 1991, asserting obvious moral truths about the iniquities of oppression, racism, sexism and so on, the Commonwealth has no means of enforcing its principles or curtailing human rights abuses. The leaked memo in 2010 showing that the Secretary General had banned staff from speaking out about human rights abuses is a perfect example; it is so preoccupied by not offending any-one that it fails to take decisive actions."}
{'text': "There are many minority (and sometimes majority) groups which have suffered historical injustices, and are now under-represented in higher education, business and politics; e.g. women, certain ethnic minorities or castes, and those with disabilities. Are laws protecting equal opportunities enough to address this issue or is affirmative action (AA), or positive discrimination as it is known in the UK, needed to redress the balance and create a level playing field? There are a number of systems of AA including quot as, loaded short lists, additional points or prioritisation. A debate may look at one model or argue the issue in principle. There are many smaller debates within the theme which look at one group or one industry, but this case gives an overview.\n\nMotion: This House would use affirmative action toredress historical injustices.\n\nAn argument against 'Affirmative action': Affirmative action is unnecessary because countries evolve organically towards equality. Countries accord protection from discrimination in the law to women and minorities. The first people from these communities then begin to succeed and this then cascades through society. It is a natural process and does not need interference. All countries at present are at a different stage of this process; e.g. Sweden already does not need AA for its women, whereas the Roma in Slovakia are currently under-represented, but are beginning to campaign for their rights in a way that indicates their evolution is starting."}
{'text': "Boxing is a combat sport where two people fight by throwing punches with gloved hands. It originated in Ancient Greece and is an Olympic sport. It is a popular sport in many countries today, but it has many opponents who believe that it is barbaric and that the harm done to the boxers themselves and to society as a whole merits a ban. The arguments in this debate broadly apply to other contact sports (or ‘collision’ sports in some terminology) such as some martial arts or rugby.\n\nMotion: This House would abolish contact sports.\n\nAn argument for 'Boxing, banning of': The idolisation of boxers gives young people role models who are revered simply for their brute force and ability to injure other people. The ‘fighting talk’ that the boxers engage in before a big fight where they threaten and insult each other magnifies this. Such role models can only have a negative effect and perpetuate the trend towards increased violence and aggression among young people. Rather, we should revere sportsmen who display merits that we value in society."}
{'text': "Like the future of healthcare and unemployment benefits, this issue is made particularly topical by the rapidly escalating costs to developed countries of old-age entitlements(pensions and free medical care). As life expectancy increases, the average age of the population is growing, and in the twenty-first century, many more retired citizens will be supported by many fewer taxpayers. It has been said that a society can be judged by how it looks after its oldest members, but can a state sustain a universal pension scheme or should we be made (or left to choose) to invest in private pension schemes or investments to secure our own future?\n\nMotion: This House would privatise the pension system.\n\nAn argument for 'State pensions, ending provision of': Privatising pensions ends the ‘dependency culture’ and gives responsibility back to the individual, who should learn to live with his or her own economic choices and the consequences. Some may choose to invest in pensions, others in their children’s education in the expectation that they will repay the gift. It should be a personal choice, and lazy spendthrifts should not benefit from anequal state pension."}
