id	label	text
375	5.0	There are several reasons why saving regional languages could be seen as a waste of money . Firstly , we need to consider that if the government expands the use scope of that languages , it can be really expensive because educational programmes will need to be given so as to keep young people learning and using them . For example , some certain areas in the Southern Vietnam have been trying to help their secondary school students who are originally from khmer people speak their language beside Vietnamese , so the local government has recently struggled with their costly investments on language teachers , facilities and appropriate materials . Secondly , it is obvious that in many aspects such as communication , trade , cooperation as well as transaction , it will be absolutely easier for the whole society to work together in one language only .
71	4.0	Besides , it is obvious that publicizing brand image or a particular product of mass media could boost sales for companies . In a larger sense , it could simulate household spending and therefore promote the economic development of the whole country . A recent study shows that after launching an advertising campaign , the sales revenue would increase by 40% , which is the very fact to verify its positive influences on economic .
193	4.0	The use of public transportation make us live more sociable . When we drive a private car , we are alone or only our family members that we already know and lost the opportunity to make friends with others or to see that we are a part of this society . When using public transportation , we have a chance to meet more people and more chances to discovery new aspects of life .
143	3.0	Admittedly , on the other hands , there might be some dissidents proclaiming that doing something new is necessary for people to success because they can become different from others , which is also a widely accepted idea for success . However , according to my limited understanding , I just doubt the credibility of that saying owing to its imprudence . Try something new can indeed make people become special , while it does not mean successful .
142	4.0	On the other hand , some people maintain that the increase in life expectancy puts a high pressure on the economic system because more pension have to spend for Medicare instead of investing in other sectors of the economic system . Although it is real in some aspects , I believe that the capital that spend on taking care the elderly is contributed by these people during their working time , so they are worth to have good care . They have given their effort to the society so that young people , the governments have a responsibility to improve the Medicare system .
167	5.0	Second , in a globalized world that we live computers made communications faster , visual and cheaper . With the use of email our messages can be delivered to any person in any part of the world in few minutes . In addition , it is convenient because you do not need to mile to the post office , but just click the mouse of your computer from the convenience of your arm chair in order to reach your friends , family members in any part of the world . Internet facilities such as msn , skype made visual communication possible . For example , via skype people not just communicate with their family members and friends , but also make interviews for employment , enrolment into universities . In result , communication has become cheaper , faster and visual .
185	5.0	Firstly , due to the limitation of technology renewable resources are relatively expensive . Researches in renewable energy cost a huge amount of money which developing countries cannot afford . On the other hand , fossil fuels are abundant and inexpensive in many areas . For example , it is estimated that China has the largest deposit of coal in the world and the government does not want to invest too much money on new forms of energy , say expensive solar batteries and wind farms . Thus the plan of renewable resources of energy may face challenges in that not every country can afford the reforming .
62	1.0	Unfortunately , some male chauvinists think that women are incapable in particular fields , like maths , mechanical engineering , defense etc . This kind of gender biased approach is detrimental for the development of the society . Time and again , women have proved their mettle in every field . Women like Margaret Thatcher , Indira Gandhi , Mari Curie etc . , are symbols of women ' s intelligence and skills .
381	3.0	First of all , we need to consider that police armed with guns or any other kinds of legal weapons just attempts to protect not only civilians but also himself . As a result , criminals todays are very sophisticated so they spend a large amount of money to acquire modern weapons to cope with the police and serve their own nefarious needs . Thus , citizens in that society can be shot by both police and offenders accidentally . Moreover , while on duty , not only are private citizens affected but facilities such as cars , houses , streets are likely to be destroyed by guns . Therefore , a society that its police force carries guns will be definitely seen as a highly violent one .
285	4.0	Lastly , learning in classroom , student could have healthier life because in school can provide exercise class which train student to move their body . Classroom have specialist trainer to teach students to it right way . If student do it by themselves , they might be hurt themselves . This make students have healthier life which online class cannot provide .
197	5.0	On the other hand , growing of cheap flights really have negative impact on environment . Apparently , more flights could mean bigger and busier airport that may be grown the air pollution for people who live and work close to it . However , the biggest concern is the effect on global warming . Burning plane fuel can releases carbon dioxide into environment that cause the Earth to heat up . In fact , while many efforts are being made to reduce CO2 emissions from cars and factories , nothing is being done to reins the airlines .
104	5.0	First and foremost , the Internet is an adequate source of academic information , which will potentially fulfill the needs of university pupils . Nowadays , not only are lectures available online , it is also applicable to find reference e-books as well as multi-aspect documents on the cyberspace . As such , the Internet has grown to become the largest virtual library ever . Moreover , with the use of the Internet , distance and time seem to be no more a hindrance . College students can save their time browsing for necessary information through the web instead of spending hours wandering in bookstores or libraries . Last but not least , the Internet offers a more effective and practical method of studying . While virtual flowcharts and animations may simplify complicated scientific processes , Google and Wikipedia are always accessible for detailed responses to every query .
249	4.0	Moreover , sometimes programs on TV are full of violence and sex which are harmful to children . Children are not mature enough to make a judgment of what is good or bad , therefore they are likely to imitate the behaviors on TV out of their curiosity . Recently , more and more children smoke because they imitate actors ' behaviors on TV or movies . What ' s even worse , according to some statistics , there are more and more children have violent tendency , and the reports attribute this to TV programs and movies . It is obvious that there are many programs on TV or movies that are harmful to children in metal and physical health . How can anyone expect children could do well at school if they have those abnormal behaviors ?
241	5.0	Moreover , in the urban areas there are also more citizens what means , that the culture diversity is huge . Meeting and knowing new people ' s tradition is an unforgettable experience , which could influence on one ' s previous habits .
205	7.0	Finally , psychology knows two types of motivation . There is intrinsic motivation which comes from your own mindset . And there is extrinsic motivation which comes from the praise and laud of other people . Intrinsic motivation is known to be much more desirable because it leads to better learning and well-being . However , in order to gain intrinsic motivation students need to become aware of their strengths and aims . By giving students the freedom to choose about class attendance they might rather be thinking about why they decided to study and learn to motivate themselves . These are crucial skills for the duration of their study and their whole life time .
281	4.0	First , as you can see that after great economic recession , many people in many countries were unemployed . Then , many people did not have money . When people did not have money , They had to rob other people . There were increasing in criminal rate in many cities . Consequently , quality of life were dropping and this make people unhappy . So that , government should invest to create more jobs . When people have jobs , they did not have to steal money . Therefore , criminal rate were drop . Thus , people have a good quality life .
317	5.0	The best example of it is how babies learn about basics survival habits during their childhood . Every day comes with new challenges for them like walking , eating , etc . , but those challenges of their initial life teach them important survival lessons which help them for whole life . For example , when they tried to learn walking , they stumble and hurt themselves many times . But they slowly tune their technique and learned to walk .
183	4.0	First of all , since people watch television too much , they can be isolated from others . Children , for example , pay more attention on movies , music show provided by television and do not want to do anything else such as going to school or practicing exercise with friends will be taken apart by others . Gradually , their friends leave them behind either activities or studying .
280	5.0	First of all , when students finished their high schools , they are confused about subjects that they are going to choose to study in universities . This is because they interested in many subjects and they want to try them all . For example , pupil who want to study science are also like to learn music . Therefore , requiring students to study in many subjects is good for them .
188	2.0	Having children in the daily exercise routine from an early age will teach them the important value of having physical activity in their every day routine . Children are bombarded with lectures about nutrition and physical activity ; however , they will be more beneficed if that knowledge can be put in practice . Moreover , they can stick with the routine and make the daily physical activities a good habit on their whole life .
301	5.0	Firstly , committing to our goal helps creating personal worth . For example , I realized the true potential of my body and mind as I decided to train myself hard . Even if I were not to win this medal , I acknowledged the great amount of my endeavor as I could keep my tired legs running .
218	5.0	Second , childhood is the period where people go to school and learn . Therefore , school memories are one of the best memories in a person ' s life . There you learn , to find your first love , to make new long-lasting friendships and of-course you will have a lot of fun . For example , my father ' s best moments in his life are in his school years . Moreover , he is still in-touch with some of his classmates and sometimes they get together and share their childhood memories .
31	4.0	Secondly , an increase in the number of automobiles causes terrible traffic congestion . Once we get into the traffic jam , it forces us to waste our time for a while . What is worse , traffic congestion irritates drivers and as a result , it leads to an increase of traffic accidents . Thus , the methods to reduce the number of automobiles and to control car ownership and use should be immediately planned and implemented .
166	5.0	What ' s more , cities have better medical facilities than in the countryside . This can at least assure me that if I feel bad , city can provide a high quality help .
116	5.0	The main reason why I believe artists should be funded is because art helps to improve the quality of our lives as well as attracting tourists . For example , monuments that represent each city do not only illustrate the city ' s history and culture , but also make the city more beautiful and an attractive place for tourists . In fact , some countries depend on tourism as their main source of revenue , thus , the governments should help arts because their work crafts are very necessary to boost the tourist industry .
290	5.0	Second , I think that a large company can give better salaries than a smaller one . The fact that a company is a large one , this means that it ' s having a considerable success . In other words , this means that the company can give more salaries to its employees . For instance , common sense would tell us that a famous and international known company won ' t give the same salary as a small local company .
192	9.0	When you have just few close friends , on one hand you develop a more intimate relationship with them and you feel you can trust them more , but on the other hand they often will give you viewpoints not so different from yours , adding less to your experience .
349	3.0	Many people believe that students only need to study academic subjects like mathematics , physics because these subject are necessary for students ' future . This is understandable when labor market now has high competition ; students have to meet requirements regard of qualification . In addition , the unemployment rate is always high , so their parents want children to study these subjects which can help students have a job .
231	5.0	Some people thinks that if a child grows up in a big city they will be all day at home at the computer or at the video-game , but this is not true if you live in a neighborhood with other people about your age as I did . My friends and I used to play soccer , bike , climb trees and do a lot of other stuff every day . We did play video-games , but that wasn ' t our main activity . In a big city there are more kinds of people and more things to do .
54	4.0	On the one hand , technology indeed simplifies people ' s life all the time . Obviously , people who watch exhibitions on TV or internet at home , save the time and money on the road , which is increasingly significant particularly to people in modern society . However , in accordance with recent research , experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy because they lack of physical exercise and face-to-face communication .
96	9.0	Apart from that , a fair trial can be achieved . As all of us know , juries are a group of people who have no or less knowledge regarding law . Thus , exposing them to the past records of the criminal can give them more room to think rationally and finally put the pieces together in order to produce a more meaningful decision . By doing so , the juries will have a sense of relief that they have come up with better conclusion based on plenty of evidences . Not only that , the convicted will also receive a fair action .
77	7.0	On the other hand , complained about the drawbacks of zoos are often heard . It is true that some zoos are lack of systematic management which attributes to numerous wild animals die because of food shortage . Also , being caged in the zoos for long render wildlife lost the ability to survive in nature where is full of cruel competition among various animals .
347	4.0	In addition , products usually look more gorgeous and with good quality in advertisement , people are more likely to buy goods impulsively without a second thought . A good advertisement can convince people to believe that it is what they want , even though it is not the real needs of the society . And there are always people purchase particular products swayed by advertising which makes it a trend to follow for other people who is unnecessarily need it .
7	4.0	First of all , to obtain information , using the internet is quicker and more convenient than reading newspapers . Contrary to the past when people had to wait long hours to take a daily newspaper , nowadays , they can acquire latest news updated every second through their mobile phones or computers connected to the internet , everywhere and at anytime . As can be seen , these devices and machines are very common in all parts of the world , making it easier for people to read a number of things that newspapers can not provide in only some pages . Hence , the print media has failed to keep its important role in the provision of information .
286	5.0	Secondly , Some experiences could teach me the way to take care of myself . For instance , reading and listening the news about choosing a good diet are the way to keep myself are more healthy . Thus , I am always buy a quality food such as organic food . This food are not have chemical . So that , I can have a good health . This experience teach me to aware my health .
276	5.0	Thirdly , many culture , people have many ways to entertain themselves . And dancing is one of that ways . Both people who see and dance also have a good time . For example , many event , such as christmas , last christmas I went to mall to buy gifts , and I was entertained by group of people in santa custom dancing in christmas song . I felt that people around me happy and group of santas also happy to see people happy .
269	2.0	However , someone may maintain that good specify knowledge is more crucial for future job . Studying harder in school , getting a good resume and absorbing lots of working knowledge , which can make these graduates more competitive than other applicants in one certain job . But imagine it , a person who is good at working knowledge but has an poorly relate to people , and a person who has a good ability of relating to people but his working knowledge is less better than the former , which person do you want to be ? I think majority of people would choose the former because it has more chance than the latter in terms of getting good jobs in the future .
137	6.0	"Moreover , these sports events are not essential in other issues such as politics or other international affairs . Thus , if the general atmosphere during the show is peaceful and fraternal , the reality is different . In other words , this is the "" calm before the storm "" . After the Olympics games are finished , everything came back to normal and all the game competition is forgotten by the majority . To picture it , recently , Putin was pleased to open the last winter Olympic games and gather international countries , but actually it has been just facade and Putin didn ' t listen international warning after he conquered the Crimea ."
129	4.0	Admittedly , on the other hand , there might be some people proclaiming that with a slower pace can enjoy their lives more because it is not necessary for them to notice the time control or acquire the fame of succeed . However , from my limited understanding , I just doubt the credibility of that saying . I do not think that those people with slower pace losing the piano competition can be really happy . In contrast , it is really joyful for me that I can immerse in the joy of the victory and accomplishment .
151	9.0	On the other hand , few people are worried about the dying local languages . These languages are the basis for the origination and initial communication between different cultures . They represent local culture . As the usage of these languages decrease , culture also changes accordingly . Further , these languages are tightly coupled with history ; all the olden day literature and scripts will be impossible to decipher if these languages are lost .
310	5.0	To begin with , if persons work rapidly , they will have more chance to study . Attending in some classes which try to increase the skills of employees can be considered as an absolutely effective parameter . If people learn how should increase their speed at work by studying , they can stares in their workplace . For example , I have a friend who was working so slowly . He has been threatened by his boss who was going to fire him . My friend went to a course where he learned how should work rapidly and now he is working .
156	5.0	In the first place , children behaviors are the most concerning matter which parents are always trying to do their best . Nowadays children are more involved in TV programs . Imagine an actor who is a child ‰Ûª s favorite is doing violent roles . In this case , the child would imitate the actor ' s behaviors in order to look like to him . Thus , unexpectedly the violent behavior has effected on child ‰Ûª s behaviors .
358	4.0	On the other hand , one part of the society , has doubt over the productivity of people who prefers to work or study from home . Many employers argue that once an employee works from isolation , he or she spends a lot of time in communication via phone or email with colleagues . This harms an employee ' s deliverable . Teachers think that students get affected too as they can not clear their doubts in study topics instantly . Due to this they lag in their studies . These factors affect people who work or study from home .
11	4.0	Besides , when we practice outdoors and indoors sports , many aspects are getting clearer . For example , when a person goes jogging everyday , eventually he can understand his own body through direct observation . Alike , the school basketball team gains more knowledge on how to succeed in some particular kind of throwing the ball into hoot practicing rather than learning theoretically . Furthermore , almost all natural science discoveries were made by direct observation , which is a part of physical education .
299	9.0	Second , colleges and universities have introduced foreign language course as a part of their curriculum . Students can choose any language from the set of languages available at a university . So , it is very easy to learn a foreign in our own country . Also , highly qualified foreign language teachers are easily accessible in various schools and colleges .
86	2.0	To begin with , it is undeniable that education is better in big cities in comparison with countrysides . For instance , in my country the best schools , universities and institutes are located in cities , and todays education is one of the most important parts of our children ' s life . Therefore , it is a good idea for children to past their first earlier life in the cities .
67	2.0	One of the major concerns against freeing artists ' creation derives from the fear of social misleading which would destabilize the society ; however , I believe the audiences have their own judgement and are not likely to be misled or influenced by some art work . It is needless to say that art inevitably involves imagination , exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated ; regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not , it is the public ' s authority to determine how to interpret its meaning . If the art displays unreality , the public audiences certainly have the acumen to recognise its untruthfulness and only appreciate its art value ; if the art reflects the reality , then what would be the intention to ban it if it was not for covering the dirty truth ? Would it be autocratic if the government clamp down the artists who are telling the truth ? In a word , the notion of being afraid of social misleading is unjustified .
32	5.0	First of all , poor counties suffer from shortage of basic materials and facilities to start businesses and make it richer . To be out of poverty , it is fundamental to support basic industry related factors such as light , electricity , load , highways , natural resources , technology and buildings for companies . Aiding help poor countries in this situation solve their economical problems and run their own business . In actual , republic of Korea used to be the poorest country even compared to others in Africa in 1960 ' s . Now that it has became strong economy country aiding poor countries after 10 years of aid from other counties .
251	5.0	"First , the core of group working is "" consensus "" . It ' s the idea that everyone ‰Ûª s opinion accounts . In group works , group members gather together to have brain-storming discussion , think over every possible solutions and then finally reach an agreement . In this long process of discussion , there must be different opinions sparkling out . It doesn ' t work if one member solely insists on his / her idea and doesn ' t take other member ' s criticism because the work belongs to every member , not a personal show for specific one member . It ' s every member ' s duty to respect other ' s opinion ."
144	9.0	Secondly , university should only accept good students because it gives better human resources for sophisticated purposes . Some people argue that this may lead to ' social division ' , when someone with high education refuses to do the called ' low jobs ' , but actually it gives no harm to the whole community . Those standard jobs will always be available for everyone , while complex ones should be only handled by the best people , who start their career from the best institutions . I think limiting the number of people who can be admitted by universities is a good choice since it will reward the motivation of students and constantly keep them in the difficult level of learning , which makes them do the best to improve themselves . Ultimately , this improves the overall quality of education and gives the best people to serve in the most necessary needs of the society .
378	5.0	In the first place , school teachers are more qualified than parents in the field of education . For instance , to be able to obtain the teacher certificates , people need years of training at their normal schools to learn theoretical knowledge . However , in comparison to teachers , parents tend to have less knowledge to teach their children ' s subjects such as mathematics and physics .
238	5.0	However , other people visit museums are the most boring expirience of a trip . My cousin Pedro literaly hates to visit museums but he really enjoyed his visit to the famous London - Madame Tussaud museum , it was kind of art entertainment but also that visit helped him to understand the artist works , and in addition he started to respect and admire other types of arts that offers in other museums .
380	5.0	Another point that should be taken into account is countries that import oil will be more dependent on the exporters , both politically and financially . Suppose that the those countries cut down on its oil support , other nations will have to pay more as well as release beneficial policies for them . America , for example , has recently drawn its intervention in Russian crisis only due to the influx of oil .
167	4.0	First , computers through internet made our access to information easier . Through computers we can collect appropriate data very quickly , store it in the hard disc as long as we want and use it when needed . Search engines such as google , yandex with many features relevant to the characteristics of the information needed enable search of information in few minutes . Social networks such as facebook , twitter have changed traditional sources of information and decreasing the monopolization of the information by the governments . Hence , with the use of computers we spend less time in search for information , and can get it from different sources .
239	4.0	First of all , a person with good manner will give others a fine personal impression . Through those impressions , a person was easily to get acquired with others and blended with the community that surrounded him as soon as possible . For example , I worked in a new company , if I am a guy with good manners and treating everyone well , my new colleagues will accept me , even then I will be approved by the employers . In opposite situation if I am being rude , I can not get along well with each other . Finally , I will be fired and have no other choice but lost my job .
333	4.0	However , the other side of the coin is that , by communicating via Internet or phone , we cannot express our ideas and feelings fully , because during such conversations , some of our words can make a completely different sense . As a result , the rate of divorces is increasing day by day .
124	7.0	In the first place , children are free whatever they want to do , they are not restricted and their limitation are really rare . Because they are in the age of growth and they are allowed whatever they want to do to experience new stuffs . Therefore there is no argument and punishment for them .
310	2.0	Last but not least , people who work slowly can no longer handle more tasks . If you show in your workplace that you are the one who can work more than other even carelessly , your boss will assign you more tasks . If you do them fast too , the first acknowledgement of your boss encourages you to work harder . It turns you to a person who has skill of working without hesitation . Even if we ignore this result , by the same token , you can get higher position and more money .
126	9.0	We can not deny that being a friend with someone is different from only being acquaintant . First , it ' s not easy to make friend with anyone . I believe friends are people who have great compatibility with each other . After two years in college I have found sometimes there is more differences between people than similarities , for we are growing in the different families and was educated in various ways . Sometimes acquaintances are just acquaintances . We spend time together but we could never be friend . So , it ' s much easier to have some casual acquaintances than have some close friends .
357	3.0	To begin with , classic teaching methods has been scientifically proven and utilized as the best mode of educate a child . Technology and its advance , to some degrees , have influenced the educational industry positively . Nevertheless , it has not changed the importance of teachers ' role in classes . The fact that students nowadays do their homework or researches on computers rather than go to libraries is an illustration for this . Yet , monitors are unable to replace the appearance of educators since their knowledge and adaptability is priceless . Therefore , teacher cannot be switched with some unconscious screens .
232	5.0	Firstly , the things that parents say have great power to their child . More power than any friend or other adult could have . For example , if someone tells a kid that something is wrong and they shouldn ' t do it , but his father told him / her that it was right , the kid will listen to the father instead of the other person , even if his father is wrong .
106	4.0	Firstly , it is well known and clinically proven that smoking is extremely hazardous to the smoker and others who have been exposed to the fume over a period of time . Recent death statistic released by the Malaysian Ministry of Health shows that the top killer was lung related diseases caused by smoking . A large proportion of death involved second hand smoker particularly young children and pregnant women who were vulnerable to these lethal diseases . Therefore , the number of fatality can be significantly reduced if a total ban on public smoking is implemented .
292	4.0	First and foremost , a large number of students are obsessed in on-line computer games and as a result their performance in school are declined . An investigation done by Beijing University shows that 80% of the students who failed in the final exam paid 2 hours or more on-online games every week , while 90% excellent students expressed that they did not touch computer games during the most of the days . Recent research by Scientist also reveals that the youngs are more likely to be attacted by and lose themselves in these computer games , because of their low control ability .
81	1.0	First and foremost , if there is control over artists ' ideas , they will definitely lose their sense of creativity in the long run . It is undeniable that when they are given the opportunity to express themselves , most artists will think out of the box and come up with spectacular Arts such as paintings or movies . For example , paintings by Da Vinci and Michallengo are admired even till now as they were not restricted during those times . In short , without any limitations , there will be more awe inspiring work from our artists .
122	4.0	Firstly , I think that the new high school will bring a lots of opportunities for student concerned in education . Their old high school is pretty old and need in new educational materials , repairing of the place for sport activities . Also the laboratory of physics and chemistry was in bad condition , so the students can ' t study well during the classes . They will study with new breath and great enthusiasm in new school .
190	3.0	Some people spot out that humanities benefit so much from zoos . First of all , zoos are fascinating places of entertainment . For this point , they all think that the very nature and wildness are all brought into zoos and spending time there help us to forget all stress as well as pressure . Another function that all zoos serve relates to education . Many students as well as people find zoos as good places for witnessing and researching the true animal world . Moreover , some zoos are also reservation sites of many animals that are about to become extinct .
351	7.0	Further and even more importantly , most of the satisfaction of a job comes to people from their professional achievements , skills and the position they reach . In other words , career promotion or getting some kind of credit from the administration of a company or organization are , likely , more enjoyable achievements than getting a high salary . For example , people , who work in monotonous jobs , where no achievements or a new positions can be reached feel themselves more dissatisfied , even though they have a very good salaries .
82	2.0	However , it can be seen that some people have argued against advertising due to its negative impacts . Firstly , a huge amount of different advertisements could be sent automatically by a system to personal phones or email addresses , this is generally known as spam , and causes discomfort or even annoyance to many people . Secondly , advertising can be very expensive and not every advertising campaign can be done successfully and brings good results . Therefore , advertising is believed by many , a financial burden to businesses .
325	5.0	Admittedly , the ability to adapt oneself to the new environment has been proven to be part of job . This ability is helpful in communicating with other workmates , cooperating with other workers needs this ability , too . But working alone is a longer-term job than communicating , that is , the ability of adapting oneself to a new environment may be necessary for a fresh worker , but the excellent knowledge of this job will be benefit till one leave .
106	4.0	Secondly , the image of a healthy nation can be promoted when government restricts public smoking by imposing stern penalty to the offender . For instance , the Brunei government had recently enforced a law against smoking in public areas such as cafÌ©s , hospital and shopping street . This step has curbed down the numbers of smokers in the country and as a result , Brunei remains a place known for its tranquility and cleanliness . This example shows the benefit of restricting public smoking to a country as a whole .
156	4.0	Finally , beside all above mentioned items , the study of youngsters shall always been controlled . For example , a child watches a frightening movie . On the other hand , he has to study for the exam . In this condition , because he is thinking about the movie or whatever has happened in it , it is obvious that he wouldn ‰Ûª t be able to concentrate on his study perfectly . Hence , the study of a youngster would affected terribly .
169	4.0	To begin with , it is vital that professors should assist students to acquire knowledge . The professors ‰Ûª duty is to nurture students , and prepare excellent courses . If professors spend a lot of time on research , he will cut the time on preparing courses is reduced , which may decrease the quality of classes . The reason why people enter a university is that they want to learn cutting-edged technologies . In this way , professors should provide well-preparation courses to convey the state-of-art knowledge for college and university students . Therefore , professors should pay more attention on how to teach students rather than conduct research .
193	5.0	The use of public transportation helps in reducing the air pollution . Cars use oil and gasoline and send out gas such as carbon dioxide , heat and so on . They cause pollution and make the Earth warmer . The more cars are driven , the more pollution will be put into air . If we use the public transportation , less cars will be used and less pollution will be emitted . The atmosphere , surrounding us , will be protected and help us more healthy .
244	5.0	"To begin with , television shows make people forget what is really important . One who has favorite programs tends to be obessed with them when they are on air . Thus , they cannot make appointment or go out with their family or friends at that time since they think the programs are so crucial to their lives . One of my friends , for example , once cancelled an appointment to play basketball with in order to watch the favorite television show "" Infinete Challenges "" . This is not only about basketball , but also about our friendship , which depends on how often we meet and have a chance to talk to each other . That is , watching television alone at home , my friend lost the opportunity to increase cohesion between us ."
239	3.0	Finally , the society needs a civilized environment and orders . And a degree of social civilization depend on its people ' s qualities . In order to create a better living environment for ourselves and our offsprings , our behaviors must be asked with politeness and good manners . Benefit from those effective measures , there may be an obvious effect on the reducing of criminal rate .
279	9.0	Last but not least , The internet makes the world becomes smaller which is a good thing . This is because people who have no time or have financial problems could travel around the world by using the internet . They can see lots of picture and videos of many interesting places . Moreover , people can learn other countries ' s culture and tradition which makes them have more knowledge about that nations .
305	5.0	To begin with , going to classes are sometimes waste of the time . For instance , some lecturers in our university read the same text in the reference books for that particular course module . Further , they didn ' t explain the contents in order to understand by the students . It was waste of the time . Because the university students have grown up , they have enough ability to read and understand the text book . Moreover , with the modern technology , students can collect more information from different sources . For example , from the Internet , students can read many articles and e-books and can watch video tutorials which provide the information more apparently . However , some lecturers deliver lectures very informative and interesting way . When the students attend that lectures , they can obviously feel that it was very useful and they did not waste their time .
314	4.0	Secondly , other than the importance of accuracy , the world also seeks efficiency , which concludes both minimum time completion and also criterion of quality . Even when we managed to keep up with the pace by neglecting the details of a project and only aim for a general frame of the project , this will not be something satisfy for the company and clients . We soon will be out of the picture even when we kept up with the pace since when the problem reveals itself we ' ll have to go back and fix the mistakes we have made . This might be even more costly and time consuming than a neat completion of work at the start .
230	5.0	First of all , when children get a job , they are able to earn money by themselves , instead of getting pocket money from their parents . Thus , it is an oppertunity to learn how to deal with money . Take me as an example , when I was 16 , I found a job during summer vacation and earned some money by own . At the beginning of the semester , I was told to buy a text book . Unfortunately , I spent most of my salary hanging out with my friend . Therefore , I finally realized that I should learn to make a plan before I spend my money , and that did influence me in my life now .
107	4.0	Firstly , rapid development of infrastructure is eating most of the forest throughout world . The so-called Concrete jungles have evolved endangering forests and wild life . As we all know life saving oxygen is produced by trees after converting harmful carbon dioxide gas . Moreover , wild life is very essential to maintain ecological balance on planet Earth .
243	3.0	Everyone agrees that e-mail has been a great way of communication . You can talk to others from thousands mile . For instance , if you are in Vietnam and another person is in the US - half of the Earth , no matter how far it is , you can keep contact . We will never have to worry if our mails will be sent to the right address . If the address is wrong , then you will know right away . Moreover , e-mail doesn ' t take too much time : just a click .
181	5.0	Undoubtedly , the university will have to hire professors , employees and etc . Thus , a number vacant positions need to be filled . Also there will be more opportunities to work in the community . Moreover , when people have jobs , they will have money to spend on goods and services . This can also help stimulate the local economy .
335	8.0	Firstly , connecting people by email is easy and fast . In addition , World Wide Web offers humanity to access to information , which they want to know for less than 10 seconds . These are two of the benefits , why IT is useful .
178	9.0	Lastly , it is more likely for us to buy goods in lower price in the shopping center , and save our time on the other hand . There may be a competition between the new shopping center and other existing stores to attract the customers . Accordingly , with sales promotion , it is easy for consumers to compare the price of the same merchandise before they buy . In addition , the residents do not have a problem spending time on commute in the hope of setting up a shopping center near their homes .
111	2.0	Secondly , animals are kept in unnatural conditions . Recent studies point out that animals are neglected and treated poorly , which influences their reactions to drugs . In March 2003 , a lab technician shot a video inside a lab , which revealed primates in cages without pain medication , for instance one baboon with a metal cylinder screwed into its head . Consequently , I think that sacrificing animals is an expensive and painful activity .
335	5.0	Secondly , there are some drawbacks about this issue . Scientists believe that one day people will face their developments , for instance robots , and they will not succeed to control them . All this inventions will try to take control of the Earth .
234	5.0	Finally , I think that requirement to take standardized tests is the right choice , since in this case teachers can compare the level of knowledge of different students . In any class there will be students who will show low academic performance , so teachers could work with them more intensively . I support the points of those who say that standardized tests are required over those who don ‰Ûª t because if the teacher would know the level of each student he would fairly share his time to all of them .
352	5.0	Nowadays , computers enable people to prepare presentations , draw complex graphs and pictures , document thesis in a simple though efficient way . When children are allowed to play around with computer from a very early age , they get acquainted with the previously mentioned skills and become expert before facing professional world . For instance , students who used to prepare Microsoft PowerPoint presentation for their school projects , get an edge over others at an early stage of their career . From this , it ' s clear that computer has a positive effect on the children .
296	5.0	Of course , new technologies are always great . However , it takes time for people to adapt them . Since we are informed with devices that are produced with new features nearly every day , many people often get lost . For instance , I use new Iphone which I personally think is great . However , even though I used it for couple months , I still do not know how to use all the features proficiently . At first , I tried to go through all the instructions but , soon , I gave up because I found out that it is time-consuming and there are too many things to learn .
236	2.0	Finally , all professors in the university are fortune of the society . They are the leaders almost in every fields of science , arts , culture and so on . Without their research , there will be no new technologies come out quickly . Without their research , there will be more artcrafts being ruined by nothing . Without their research , there will be less information of our ancestors to be known on the earth .
281	4.0	Lastly , family is a root of society . If everyone in family did not have time to spend with each other , that family could have problems , If family had problems , it mean society could have problems . When society had problems , it could impact to a nation . Thus , government should create campaign to fill love to family . For example , setting event once a week to gather everyone in family to spend time with each other . When family understand each other , it mean society and a nation will not have much trouble .
237	9.0	There are a lot of people eating foods or snacks when they are watching television . Most of the foods they eat are fat foods like chips or pizzas . It is not rocket science to know that these foods are not good for people ‰Ûª s health . Many companies know about this behavior and use advertisements on television to make people buy more of these foods . In turn , people will consume these rubbish foods more and we have to deal with a lot of fat diseases .
314	5.0	Besides , when looking at this problem within a broader image . Some work cannot tolerate any mistakes at all , for instance , in official missions like the work done by NASA , a tiny mistake can be catastrophic . A miscalculation of the orbit in launching rocket may lead to a failure of the whole project which might worth trillions of dollars . In such circumstances , even when the scientists want to finish off quickly , but they couldn ' t miss even a single part of the mission since it may trigger loads of problems .
270	2.0	First of all , great planning and organizing ability is able to cause our actions more efficient and productive . Take myself as an example , I used to be overwhelmed by the burden of preparing for the final exam , submitting my paper , and finishing my internship work at the end of each term . Yet , in this year , following the suggestion of my roommate , John , I make a to-do list to plan and organize perfectly everything I should get done in the final and hence take every tasks and trivials into control . This plan ability helps me a lot , making me climb to the top rank of the class while finishing everything else .
97	4.0	First and foremost , sports events are good chances for excellent athletes to meet and learn valuable experiences from one another so that they can improve their results , break records and bring victories to their own countries . Because a large number of people will gather in the host city for sport events , there are many good opportunities for discovering different cultures . Consequently , sport events with the spirit of healthiness , honesty and fairness can help strengthen understanding , friendship and solidarity among nations . After sharing competitive but interesting moments in each competition , the competitors often shake hands friendly and congratulate the winners , which can lead to an improvement in the relationships among nations .
152	3.0	We live in an era that technology is developing in the speed of light , steering the world toward a much more convenient place . A clear-cut example that supports this idea is the invention of smart phones . The strong navigation system installed on the phones has been rescued lives of many who left alone in remote areas like forests or deserts . Moreover , some people criticize social networks as tools that have ruined true relationships and friendships by reducing face-to-face communication . In my opinion though , social networks such as Facebook could foster the ties between friends and family members who are obligatorily far away from each other by keeping them in touch , the thing that was impossible less than 20 years ago .
247	5.0	In addition , cars increase the chance of employment because people are able to drive to work and can work further away from home . Furthermore , they are more flexible . My father for example has always been working all around Germany and because of that earned more money . He used his car to drive to the other end of the country , worked there during the week and came home for the weekend . If he had no car , he wouldn ' t be able to see his family at the weekends so for him his automobile is a great benefit - not only in financial but also in social terms .
344	5.0	"Proficiency brings perfectness in terms of art work . It is true while the modern artists who implement their creative thinking onto high value creation are paid with immense sum by the art collector . Also , the high sum which modern artists receive is related to the quality instead of the quantity and their rare talent . For example , a 15 centimeter Buddha temple made by hand is granted times in comparison with factory production . On the other hand , modern artists also devote themselves find a unique concept in which ordinary people cannot do , such making impossible become possible . Pieter Padang , Minion creator , has brilliant idea to alter part of song lyric "" I swear "" become "" underwear "" when the Minion sing in Despicable Me . He granted huge sums for such idea ."
390	9.0	First of all , it is true that people use their money to become an inspiration are definitely not a good mirror for young people . We definitely do not want our children to spend money on luxurious custom or lifestyle just to be similar to someone , especially when these people are not symbols of any talent but showing off . However , the young generation these days is very conscious toward positive lifestyles . They are mostly being educated at very early ages by family or schools as to distinguish what is benefit for them . Therefore , it is not easy to influence young people these days when they are well equipped of life skills .
385	4.0	On the one hand , I agree that a police holds a responsibility to tackle of violence in the urban or suburban areas using a gun . An obvious example of this happens in The United State , a man killed more than ten people in the cinema using a weapon , while a police shot in the foot to paralyze him . Obviously , police officers can force a criminal to surrender , because they have a weapon which will prevent an escaping criminal who poses a serious danger to the public . As a result , some military weapons need encouraging for police officers to protect the public and minimize the rate of violence .
337	4.0	"However , other people may perceive this issue from different viewpoint . With rapid development of the internet , people are able to enjoy quick electronic communication via internet . For instance , as lots of chatting apps available online such as "" Weichat "" , people tend to send instant messages free of charge by using their phones rather than face to face communication . Therefore , mobile phones have shortened the distance of communication ."
187	4.0	On the other hand , when a new learner wants to learn a new language in the country in which it is spoken , he has the opportunity to communicate with natives . He may find native friends and may participate in groups where members are people from the foreign country . No doubt , it leads to better understanding of language essential skills . He also has access to the most up-to-date language . Thus he can learn most useful idioms , proverbs and so many other things which the former person , person ' A ' , does not have access to .
250	5.0	Second , such high salaries can also guarantee and support the athlete ' s great performances . Most of us only see the luxurious side of a rich athlete and ignore how may difficulties they ' ve gone through and how much cost they ' ve thrown into investing themselves . They shall reap within their high salaries . In other words , if they are not paid high enough in order to conform to their performances , there might not be such brilliant performances for us to be amazed .
143	7.0	Moreover , another equally crucial aspect is that it depends on the capability of one to decide whether he can succeed or not . At least , a successful person should be able to dismantle the hurdles prohibiting him to success . For instance , the sports stars do not have to take some drugs to win a game or show their extraordinary skills . The same reason why they succeed is that they all have the predominated abilities in sports realm . In contrast , those athletes try to have distinctive performance by taking risks of taking drugs are failed to succeed . Hence , from this case , we are capable of stating that it is not necessary for successful people to take risks .
115	4.0	Admittedly , applying the advanced fertilizers in combine with the automatic reaping resources increase farmers ' economic profit . This is because artificial fertilizers catalyze the capacity of each inch of farmland in order to churn out the crops , and automatic machinery enhances the work efficiency of the harvest . Consequently , the production and labour cost of each kilogram of the agriculture products dramatically decreased .
166	5.0	At the weekends , there is a great number of things to do in the metropolis . There are numerous bars , cafes and restaurants where I can go with my friends . Multinational cities have restaurants with different national cuisines . I am fond of Italian food , and if there is an Italian restaurant in the city , I will definitely visit it .
206	4.0	Secondly , another advantage of small towns is living costs . Living cost is one of the important concerns in every society and then , in a small town living cost is fewer than in big cities . Therefore , in a small town we can live in big houses with good landscapes , also because of less crowded spaces we have more facilities and more services . Transportation cost is less than in big cities and we have less traffic so that we can save time and money .
187	1.0	Person ' A ' who learns a non-native language in his country may receive benefit from a step-by-step teaching method . In other words , he is not jumping into the foreign country . Therefore he can set aside enough time and energy dedicated to learning the language . Besides , all the learners are probably from the same country , so all these people most likely have learned the language , more or less , in the same way .
101	4.0	First and foremost , if senior workers dominate the working sector , there will be lesser job opportunities for the fresh graduates . As a result , most of them will be forced to take up careers which are poles apart from what they had studied for . To illustrate this further , a medical graduate might find it very disheartened when he had to spend around five precious years studying medicine and at the end of the day , he will have to take up another profession rather than doctor due to the insufficient job opportunities available . On top of that , due to the lack of genuine passion on the work which was not of their option , there is a greater possibility for their performance standard to dwindle at their workplace .
105	5.0	Fortunately , there are other measures to improve the situation . It is advisable for the government to encourage medical production by supplying land for building factories and reducing part of the taxes . Additionally , charitable organizations can buy medicines from developed countries and distribute to the undeveloped world for free .
278	9.0	Second , besides the academic knowledge , the awareness of social behavior is an important factor for human ' s life . As a practical epitome , students should be prepared to present in society after their graduation . Thus social activities can help them to be familiar with other ' s mind and different environment . In my opinion , social groups and classes are significant factors to prepare students to contribute in discussion and encounter real social environment . So , social activities have same rights to receive monetary support .
182	5.0	First , making college education free would cost too much . It would divert public funds from other needs such as law enforcement , infrastructure and so forth . There are many other needs which should come first , such as providing health care to all American , or improving public schools . In addition , it would cause to raise our taxes again and again to fund college education . Consequently , it would affect all taxpayers whether or not they benefit from the use of the funds .
318	2.0	Capitalism enfranchised people ' s right to own properties , and consequently , their rights to use them . Driving cars during the rush hours might is bound to polluting cities ' s environment , but laws protect drivers to do so , and accordingly , charging them extra fee might seems to be out of the jurisdiction . From another point of view , traffic jam is a natural phenomenon that nobody is able to shun or ban ; so it is out of drivers ' control . Why drivers should pay a fine only for driving their own cars in a particular time ? Wars are notorious , but you can ' t blame the soldiers who are justing fight for their countries .
315	4.0	Another thing that put big cities in front of small towns is the facilitates and services it contains which support and improve the quality of its inhabitants ' lives , hospitals , advanced medical facilities can satisfy one ' s need of medical safety . Cultural events such as exhibitions and theatre plays can enrich one ' s and widen his horizons , things which aren ' t offered by small towns .
110	5.0	Taxes are the income for every country in the world and they are extremely important for developing countries . If people are paying taxes , that means they are taking part in the development of their country as well as the country ' s economy . Therefore , they have fulfilled their duty as a citizen .
230	5.0	Secondly , by taking a part-time job , they certainly have to be responsible for anything they have done . For instance , if a student get a job in a company but he is frequently late for work , the company may reduce his payment or even fire him . To compare with the school life , they might suffer only a small punishment at school . Under the circumstances , he will learn that he has to obey the rule and take responsibility for their work .
329	5.0	Assuming new opportunities is indispensable to have diverse experiences . In fact , life may not be easy ; it will have various challenges especially when you take risks , but in the end , it can be surprisingly wonderful . For instance , some people abandon their job , family and friends and go to other country without knowing what the future holds for them . In the beginning , it can be tough to fit in this new place and find any opportunity , but after fighting against the obstacles blocking the way to get what is desired ; it is possible to conquer what they are craving as well as start to build a new life in this other country .
91	4.0	In spite of this , the disadvantages of the promotion of a universal language cannot be denied . To be more specific , a single international language may , to some extent , erode the cultural identity of a nation . This is because people may be impressed by the cultural values brought with the universal language , eroding a sense of national belong . For instance , some Asians are seeking individualism , previously denied by many Asian countries , due to the fact that they have gradually identified with such values expressed in American movies , which are imported by the governments as a result of the proliferation of English .
293	5.0	Firstly , team members may have different views and they need to reach a union opinion efficiently . Obviously , discussion face to face in a meeting is much better than by emails . An experiment conducted by the Beijing University asked two groups of people to discuss the budget of an activity . The first group was asked to discuss in person , while the second group was asked to discuss by email . The result shows that the 1st group used 30 minutes to reach the agreement on the budget , while it takes 30 hours for the later one . The similar experiment done by other scientist show the same result that people can reach an agreement quickly if they could talk to each other .
257	4.0	Finally , you have to work hard to learn and to get a lot of information before doing a project in good way . The most fortunate people in the word cannot manufacture an automobile or build a high tower just by her or his chance . These plans is done by someone who is mastered in his / her work . Undoubtedly such people do work hard and have great experiences because of their hard works .
113	4.0	Firstly , in the area of health , poorer nations normally have less quantity of doctors and nurses compared to richer nations . High population in poorer countries due to lack of family planning caused the proportion of doctors unbalance to the quantity of resident . On top of that , poorer nations are lack of hospitals to fulfill the demand of the patients . To solve these issues , richer nations can contribute by delegating doctors and nurses to these power nations as well as donate money to build hospitals .
360	4.0	It is true that some celebrities tend to show off their images in front of the public . For example , some movie starts enjoy wearing luxury brand clothes and showing their expensive life style in front of the media , thereby gaining the public attention . If they continue to behave in such a way , it will create a misleading image to young people who may think that extraordinary life can be achieved without hard work . Consequently , the attention of young people may become focused on chasing the dream of celebrity status . This is detrimental to study and work ethics and habits .
39	7.0	Firstly , many facts about solar system can be discovered . For instance , a picture of planet earth proved that the earth is round , not flat . Another example is that it is the earth which goes around the sun , not vice versa . If it was not for the space exploration , we would never know these facts .
367	5.0	The proportion of women is rising year by year in many parts of the world recently . Automatically , the issue stimulates the stakeholders from many places to think what kind of preparations they should take for stabilising the economic growth and the quality life of people . We can see now that women tend to work in various fields which in the past normally done by men such as being engineers , and dealing with machines . Those activities have proven that women can also do the men ' s works . Therefore , female students are indicated having the same potential and capability as men .
58	5.0	Unfortunately , the meaning of competiton has been modified in a wrong direction . An individual must compete with oneself only , instead of trying to beat others . Competition has helped the development of science and technology . Competition helps in improvement and evolution . For example , every other day , new cars are developed by companies which are more efficient than others . This kind of competition gives customers more options .
226	3.0	"Secondly , people ' s success in the past is as significant as those mistakes . If the predecessors ' mistakes are the indirect way that leads us to the goals , others ' accomplishment can be served as the direct way . By looking into the ways other people use to achieve their targets , we have the chance to make those mine , put them into practice and , of course , be successful like them . For instance , Edison ' s statement "" Genius is 1 percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration "" is still helpful for everyone today , and probably in the future ."
71	9.0	That is not to say , however , that advertisements have no downsides . Of course , the advertising expenses lead to a higher product price and some of them express fake information , creating information asymmetry between consumers and companies . Yet , its merits still outweigh these downsides .
192	4.0	Another reason is that a large number of friends can help you to consider all the possible solutions to a problem and to make you more open-minded . For example , if you happen to face a problem and ask them for advice , your friends you will see that issue from their different point of views and accordingly they will help you to consider better all advantages and disadvantages .
158	4.0	There are different reasons which persuade that people should not restore old buildings . As a result of the rapid urbanization process , in which rural people must go to urban centers to look for job opportunities , the question of the preservation of old buildings has become more pressing . Because of that need , governments can construct more accommodation instead of preserving old buildings . Besides that , the preservation is very expensive because all components of old buildings have historical values .
301	2.0	Thirdly , at some point , we , as an average people , might feel that the responsibility to our goal is too heavy to carry on . I believe that the responsibility is worthy of carrying . When the distance is longer and harder to achieve , a runner who can go beyond his limit will proud of himself . He can feel the sweetness of triumph because he did not stop pursing his goal .
138	4.0	To begin with , studying at home save the pupils enormous time and considerable expense . Students who use distance-learning programs can cut down their commuting time , tuition fees , textbook fees and so forth just by an internet connection . This especially makes a significant difference for the children who live in the far-off countryside and the children whose families are living below the poverty-line .
16	4.0	Though animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance , it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life . To begin with , it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious , and scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying . The new foods or medicines are invented to promote the quantity of human ' s life . Thus even if they are volunteers ; they cannot take the place of animals to test the new foods or medicines . Furthermore , it also have potentially harm for human ' s health without any testing .
30	9.0	Furthermore , this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives as they need to make some contribution too for their children future .
26	4.0	Not cooking fresh food will also lead to the lack of nutrition . It is true that cooking prepared food needs much less time in comparison with the fresh food . Whereas some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared food is unable to support enough nutrients we need , especially for children who are growing up .
146	7.0	To begin with , students have to find one or more fields of study in which they are really interested . They should not decide their future major without trying a broad range of subjects , otherwise they might miss valuable encounter with the subject . For instance , a would-be mathematician student may be strongly intrigued by philosophy and make a success in the field .
120	8.0	The third reason why the death penalty should be banned is the chance that innocent people are wrongly convicted . Juries are also humans , they may lack of discretion . Thus , many people are executed for the crime they did not commit , which leads to a question of fairness in judicial system .
316	2.0	Building more accommodating constructions meets people ' s basic need . People cannot live a harmonious life if citizens do not have a decent place to live in . If the price of housing grows continuously , a comfortable place to live in will be a luxury to the middle class and the low class . Then , ordinary people , especially the younger generation , will fall into a certain pattern - work , pay bills for housing , work ; and I am sure that it will increase people ' s dissatisfaction of the government . Because when they are working , the fair of losing their accommodation always lingers , which will limit their efficiency . And government should spend money on people to rescue them from this , because only a government of the people , by the people , for the people will finally last ; people ' s cohesiveness will be promoted .
271	9.0	Another significant fact which should be taken into consideration is that by the help of teachers , students can understand ideas faster and easier since teachers explain them thoroughly in the class and after that give them a lot of examples to clarify the points . In this way attending classes not only wastes their time but also facilitates their understanding process that takes them less time for comprehending materials in comparison with self-study .
179	5.0	Stress , our body ' s way of responding to any kind of demand , can be caused by both good and bad experiences . Stress may be a positive mobilization to drive for success . However , it is widely thought that we experience stress any time , which comes across unexpectedly that frustrates our goals . As a result , if we don ' t have a good stress management skill , it may lead to some critical problems .
80	5.0	On the other hand , the advocators believe that zoos provide the public with good entertainment and also help to ensure the balance of the ecology . Many people , especially young children enjoy going to zoos and see their favorite animals , cute baby-born animals and the animals that are from the different corners of the world . Zoos provide educational information about the lives of different animals to the public . Also , zoos play an important role in reserving many breeds of animal and preventing them from being missing from life . This is due to the fact that , in zoos , animals are kept in enclosures which simulate their own habitats and also endangered animals are being protected from their predators or hunters . Thus zoos are needed to keep the nature balanced .
48	1.0	Nevertheless , opponents of online-degrees would argue that attending lectures in person provides students an opportunity to communicate with teachers and other classmates . They further point out that traditional teaching approaches involving discussion and cooperation among students play a significant role in campus life . It is the real interactions and communications in class make education much more attractive .
191	5.0	When pupils make a group for studying , all member of group have the same chance to help each other . They can work together for understanding the complicated aspect of a course . For example , when a group faces with complex math problem , they can share their opinions to solve it . In addition , such a remarkable effect has incorporation that all students can improve their weak points in a group .
387	5.0	Environment pollution one of the primary reasons why life in cities is becoming worse than ever before . Exhaust from transportation , especially cars , and factories ' tosix fumes can lead people to face with various respiratory deseases . Besides , water pollution makes people ' s health become more critical . The fact is that dangerous bacterias and germs in polluted water can go indirectly into people ' s bodies and create severe problems , which may result in death if the patients are not treated in time .
298	5.0	The main reason is that students can learn lots of things from part time job , before starting their real job . Students can learn about time management , money management and convince people by their words . For example , when I was in my high school I worked as a sales-man in a shop for a year . As i had to spend some of my time in my job , therefore , i had to manage my time efficiently . I had to manage my boss as well as had to prepare my homework . This taught me how to manage time efficiently and do any job quickly and effectively . Moreover , I learn money management . When my boss was out of the shop , i had to manage the accounts section of the shop . From this i learned , how to manage money correctly . This experience taught me , doing part time job can help students to learn many things .
152	9.0	The phenomenal progress in medical science in the last decade was a huge achievement for human being to make the world a healthier and , thus , a happier place to live in . Today , even some disabled people with serious vertebral injuries can start doing physical activities like walking again thanks to the continuingly efforts of biomechanical engineers and neurologists . The advancement in drug delivery systems is another example that could save lives . To be specific , scientists could invent ways to lead drugs directly to the damaged organs of the body , which is a miraculous breakthrough . In general , the increase in the average age of human from 50 to around 75 years through last decades is a strong evidence to show how successful human was in medicine .
35	5.0	To boost their sales and win over customers , companies pour a great amount of money into advertising . Most of the time , it is not about the function or quality of the commodities themselves but really the promotion of the good feeling of possessing the product . By which I mean , huge cooperation hire celebrities as the face of their product . By casting famous singers in their television advertisement , motorcycles or clothes for example , sales increase significantly since youngsters , as the target consumers , love celebrities . Since having these products shows their status , the quality obviously is not relatively important .
401	5.0	The first reason why the father ' s role should be equal to the mother ' s role is the nature of parantage . In my view , the role models within a family play a significant role in the development of the child ' s characteristics . For example , in a traditional Turkish family , while a mother has a sincere and thoughtful approach to the child , a father role must be present as authoritarian and conversative to raise a well-behaved child .
337	4.0	In the first place , spending too much time on phones may exert adverse effects on social life . In the first place , as people increasingly tend to focus and relay on phones , they may lose their interest on daily activities like meeting with their friends so that distraction may be developed during study or social activities . Moreover , continuous use of mobile phone may damage both eyesight and physical posture of the children .
172	5.0	Lastly , the studying conditions are better in an apartment because you don ' t have all the noise and distractions that you often have in dormitories . A lot of students often complain about their roommate playing music too loud or bringing friends over at inappropriate times . Since in an apartment you don ' t have a roommate , you won ' t have this problem , and as a result you would be able to concentrate better . For the same reason , you won ' t have a problem if you are the one who wants to play music , bring friends over , or study late at night . You set your own schedules . In the other hand , living in a dormitory , and being surrounded by students also has some advantages , like being able to get help with any academic issues from them .
226	1.0	First of all , the predecessors ' mistakes are the first thing that we should consider when learning about the past . As everyone ' s life is too short to risk trying anything without any prepare , we all should learn about other ' s mistakes so that we can avoid making the same ones . Each mistake , from the smallest to the bigger one , is a treasure of experience , which , if we can make full use of , will make us well-prepared for many complicated situations of our life . Therefore , past obviously saves ourselves a bunch of failures and times .
204	6.0	Second , classroom learning provides other activities than studying . During student ' s free time , they have a number of activities that they can join , such as playing sports , going to lab , or going to library . These activities lead to more interact with their friends . Connection with friends improves their IQ abilities , furthermore , they have a chance to learn about their societies . While the online course keeps the children at their home only .
330	5.0	Thirdly , doing something which an individual doesn ' t enjoy can led to enjoyment . People sometimes can attend any activities by insisting on any of their friends although they don ' t really want . For example , one of our friends tell my husband and me about a dance course which we both don ' t like . After insisting on some of our friends , we attended , and got really enjoyable time , we continued the course about six months although most of our friends left the course after a month .
5	4.0	Also , employers are mostly looking for people who have international and language skills . Becoming successful in this study will give the student an edge in job market . Therefore , one who has studied and lived overseas will become more eligible for the job than his / her peers .
205	5.0	Secondly , some students might learn better at home on their own , for instance , by reading the textbook . This problem occurs especially if the lecturer is lethargic . By letting students choose not to attend class you give them the opportunity to escape bad teaching . Thus they are able to save precious study time and dive into the course syllabus independently .
358	5.0	On the one hand , the benefit that professionals or students get by connecting from home is enormous . For one , it helps working people to maintain work life balance . The best example is the new mother who can join her work as well as take care of her baby . People also get the desired flexibility in terms of working hours . For students too , studying from home is an attractive option . They save the travelling time to Universities and utilize that time on their studies . In a busy city like Tokyo , students waste a lot of time in travelling . Thus , the advantages that people enjoy by working or studying from home , are obvious .
83	4.0	First and foremost reason is that pursuit of nuclear technology one way or the other leads towards atomic weapons . Last century has witnessed the horrors of such weapons . If each country pursues the fusion and fission process some of them may try to mold it for military usage .
185	9.0	Besides , although utility companies claim that renewable energy is environmentally friendly ; these new forms of energy may not be as clean and green as we think . Latest studies have shown that these renewable resources of energy are problematic as well and they are very likely to pose long-term environmental hazards . For example , the dams built for hydroelectricity influence the water flows of the rivers and sometimes cause drought in areas in front of the dams . This damages the habitats of many valuable fish and wading birds . More importantly , the accumulation of heavy metal in the silt on the bottom of the rivers behind the dams is extremely difficult and expensive to clean up ; leaving problems for the following generations . Thus renewable resources are not as reliable as we think .
342	5.0	On the other hand , cooperation is also an essential quality for children , no matter in school activities or in communities . Having a good cooperating spirit helps kids to communicate and get along with others , which gives them more possibility to solve problems or to achieve a goal easily by working as a team . After all , in society , there is hardly anyone who could has big achievement by oneself . For example , famous singers or movie stars , despite of their talent to make them successful , there are always a team to manage works or deal with things .
176	6.0	Moreover , a local museum could be a top choice and destination for tourist to visit . Someone take a trip without making any plans , so they may waste their time on shopping or staying at their hotel . As a result , visiting a museum saves their precious time for making a decision . Most important of all , a local museum represent its own typical culture so that visitors may easily acquaint with the new place in a short time .
147	4.0	Another reason should be mentioned is that adults often do not pursue games as a competitive activity , while children are always keen on competition and winning . For youngsters , maintaining their desire to win often develops many outstanding characteristics whether they participate sport events or not . For example , my younger sister likes fencing , and thanks to her desire to win , she never gives up when facing a difficult situation , or even becoming hurt . On the other hand , adults often consider such behaviors as childish and drop them immediately . In fact , a competitive person usually finds it difficult to cooperate with friends and colleagues . Because of that , they no longer play games for any moderate achievements , and gradually lose their interest in such activities .
83	5.0	Another reason to fortify my opinion is that even civil usages of atomic power pose a dire threat of radio activity . For example recently there has been an incident in which an atomic power house leaked tons of radio active material into air when an earthquake hit the surrounding area . This unfortunate event proves that no matter how much careful we are such accidents are inevitable .
236	3.0	A professor means a researcher or an expert of a specific science subject . He or she should always keep the passion in her field so that he or she could push him / herself forward all the time . And then he or she can do better in teaching works . For instance , the most impressive professor during my studying in university is Mr . Yang who keeps in researching and reading . He is also the one who gave us inspiration and taught us the way to study more efficient by ourselves . All of my classmates gave him a rank of AAA , the excellent teacher .
177	4.0	Furthermore , there is an advantage of traditional school - socialization - establishes relationship with classmates . We can learn a lot from programs at home ; however , our computers or televisions can ' t teach us how to get along with people . For example , students may learn how to cooperate with classmates from teamwork . Studying alone at home might deprive us of these significant and valuable opportunities .
56	3.0	No one can deny the huge benefits of the trend that English is being accepted universally . To begin with , communication between countries and cultures become convenient . In my country , English is a required course from elementary school . Thus , studying abroad is easy and becomes hot among youngsters . For them , language obstacle is no longer a problem , which results in mutual understanding and trust between their mother land and the host country . This , in turn , enhances relationship and promotes international business . Furthermore , researchers , especially those who work on high-tech , would have wider range of references if they are good at English . Taking IT industry for an example , top technical science is published in English . It ' s neither to get a translated version of these articles , nor to always have a translator besides . As a result , they have no choice but choosing English as a second language .
43	5.0	Secondly , these sporting occasions are a good opportunity for people to be proud of their country . For instance , when the Football World Cup was organised in South Africa , its citizens filled up the stadiums , cheered and waved national flags to support their national team on the field . South African national and traditional songs were played in the streets throughout the night . This example demonstrates how people might take numerous elements from their roots and history to proudly display them while supporting their team . As a result , it is clear that people can freely express their patriotic feelings during international sports events .
28	4.0	These days , not only many businesses , but also governments have to rely on advertising . For example , tourism makes up one-third of the Czech Republic ' s economy . In order to promote the country ' s attractions , the Czech government has to advertise and sell its services to foreign consumers . Only well planned and well targeted advertising will bring more foreign tourists to the country .
211	9.0	In addition , schools are responsible for developing their students into well-rounded people . It is more important for a person to success in life than to success only academically . Success in life should be the ultimate goal of a student , which requires more than academic knowledge , but also practical life skills such as cooking , good communication skills and teamwork spirit . Thus , school education should not only focus on the academic development of a student as it is much more crucial to teach them how to be independent and live a good life .
258	4.0	There are some things that I prefer to learn them without a teacher because I won ' t have to spend extra money for a teacher and my time will not be wasted either because of going to classes . In today ' s world there are many great and useful sources available like books , electronic books , the internet and TV and satellite . I can utilize them as tutorials for many things . For instance , I can learn English or other languages by a lot of helpful books and many online websites .
168	6.0	Pressure is motivation . Each office has its rules that keep workers do their job as effectively as possible . The directors manage employers and give them the deadline of projects . Then again , the workers must try their best to finish the time limit . Doing all jobs at home don ' t make employees attempt to work like this .
355	3.0	Nevertheless , it is undeniable that kids are amazing learners , and the best time to hone them is in their younger years . The introduction of foreign language will be new to them ; however , their curiosity will drive them to learn and comprehend . In this way , grasping a new language will be natural to them . In addition , the positive impact of this strategy is beneficial to both learners and teachers . Teachers will not find it difficult to make students learn such new concept in their teenage years . It is certainly clear that the advantages of early introduction of foreign language outweigh its disadvantages .
25	6.0	However , it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society . Therefore , how to improve the disadvantages of building a factory would be more important than whether to build it . In fact most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well .
339	9.0	In my opinion , though competitive children will be far more clever and faster than the co-operative child in an initial level , but it will not help them to be on the success path for the long run ; while on the contrary , co-operative child will have a potential of structuring and implementing new and innovative ideas with the help of a team .
186	4.0	Second , farmland , housing and industry can satisfy the desire of human that living a better life . It is clearly understood that farming , housing and industry provide us the food we eat , place we live , clothes we wear , which are essential to live . Especially in some poor areas , survival is the most significant thing . In addition , highly developed agriculture and industry can improve our living conditions which allow us have a good quality life .
208	5.0	For the primary concern , it can provide students a sense of direction in academy . Basic economic class can help the students touch the surface of this field , let them to know what this subject mainly discuss . That will help the students cultivate their own interest and a sense of career orientation . Finally , students may study harder for their economic dreams .
233	5.0	Firstly , people normally have lots of things to do . Because of that , they don ‰Ûª t have much time to spend in the kitchen . But being able to prepare a tasty food just putting it into the microwave or into the oven is awesome . For example , if an engineer needs to make a project , but he needs to deliver it tomorrow , he could save hours preparing a food with the microwave instead of cooking everything from scratch .
142	2.0	In addition , a community with the elderly who have a good health has a major role to play in a sustainable development of a society . In facts , young people will be happy as their parents , grandparents are healthy . It can be said that the improvement of medical care makes a better life for all people .
340	6.0	Another issue is that in the ever-accelerated updating of science and technology , technology provides opportunities for people to establish the social network . In the past , people might have had pen friends in other countries , but now , thanks to the social networking websites , people can easily to find someone who has similar interests . Also , they can connect with friends who have been out of touch for a long time by using the Internet . In this way , technology is beneficial to humanity develops positive relationships .
116	4.0	In addition , sculptures and paintings in the museums and art galleries generally reflect the culture and civilization of every generation . Therefore , culture and history of a country can be reserved and assured by art . Young people are also able to get more knowledge about their country ' s history and culture by observing various work crafts .
57	5.0	"Unfortunately , many governments restrict the artists . Frank Zappa once said , "" Mind is like a parachute , it doesn ' t work if its not open "" . Restrictions would just curb the innovative ideas of the artists and would limit their brains . Like the media , artists should also be given the freedom to express their ideas freely ."
115	4.0	Moreover , excessively relying on the electronic equipment for harvest causes several impacts to the society . One is that it worsens the air pollution by releasing the excessive exhaust emission . In contrast , manual harvest prevents severe environmental damages . For another , mechanical reaper causes the rise of the unemployment rate in the farming industry , possibly because high-end reaping plants replace a large number of workers in the fields .
110	5.0	Some people argue that individuals of a country are responsible for many other things apart from paying tax . In fact , in order to develop a country , citizens must obey laws , which were imposed by the government . In this way , the crime rate is reduced and society becomes a peaceful place , so the country will develop at a rapid pace . Furthermore , being a citizen in society should protect the country ' s culture and history . For instance , people should have knowledge about their own culture and history by studying at school with full concentration or reading them from books . On the other hand , a person has to unite with other people in the community so as to develop their nation . Indeed , if people in society have a strong bond with each other , society will become a peaceful place , where people are helping and sharing to each other .
380	5.0	One can not deny the fact that if petrol and fuel taxation are raised , people might hesitate choosing a personal automobile . Taxation may have tackled the environmental issue simply by diverting people to public transportations such as trains , buses or ferries . Additionally , for those who have already afforded a car , there is a likelihood it is restraint from usage on long journeys or to crowded cities .
8	5.0	That ' s not enough , for higher education , which represent the cutting edge of a country ' s academic achievements , act as the vanguard in economic and social advance . The high technology and new ideas applied into practice may not only lead a country to flourish but also elevate its status in the international community . Some may argue that universities can support themselve well by donation or invention , but this argument is invalid . Researches into humanities and art still need large amount of money , what ' s more , government ' s big budget on universities may attract more excellent intellectuals and researchers into the country and enjoy a higher reputation worldwide .
258	2.0	A good and experienced teacher can help me learn faster and easier . Sometimes when learning a course by myself which is hard and confusing to understand and has few sources available , I get discouraged after spending a lot of time . In this situation , I ' ll look for a teacher and request for help from him or her . And then he or she will teach me the course efficiently in a short time and therefore I will learn faster and better and won ' t get discouraged and confused .
371	3.0	Secondy , relegious beliefs also contributes to a vegetarian diet . Some religion , such as Buddha , believes that animals were human being in their previous life , so eating their meat mean you eat the flesh of your parent sentient beings . It is often said that this view is rather unscientific . However , I am convinced that it is vital to follow one ' s own religious practices which can bring the enlightenment in mind .
58	4.0	Nevertheless , co-operation helps to understand other ' s perspective and learn by their mistakes . It helps to identify one ' s strengths and weaknesses as compared to others . A co-operative approach can create inspirational and motivational feeling seeing other people ' s achievements . However , competition is also as important as co-operation .
241	9.0	Furthermore , the city has well-organised lines of transport . The buses and trains are more frequent than in the countryside , so the city provides better communication .
19	5.0	Living in their own houses will save the young adults a lot of money . If they live separate from their parents they will have to pay for a loan , electricity , water or even for a meal . If the young adults still study they will have to combine studying with working , because they will not have money to pay for everything . There will not be such worries when young adults live in their own home , because parents will take care for them . Moreover , parents will give their children money in order they to focus only on studying .
134	5.0	Firstly , some people suggest that qualification should be the foremost measurement to determine the value of a employer . It is of importance that workers should be well educated and trained to perform duties of their job . Specifically , people who work in professional fields such as medicals are required to have a university degree and years of experience . Social skills seem to be less important as they cannot contribute to the success of a surgery .
33	4.0	Moreover , the proponents of globalization idea point out globalization results in considerable decrease in global tension due to convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization .
299	9.0	Third , technology has also played a great role in reducing the separation between learning a foreign languge in our own country . A large number of foreign language courses are available online and there are various forums where people can discuss their problems on different foreign languages .
377	5.0	To begin with , outstanding academic students are eligible for university due to their intellectual advantage . To be precise , such abstract or complicated informatin , easily absorbed by those students , may prove as a matter of pressure for those who lack equivalent skills . Besides , it is undeniable that one deserves what he has done . University is like a gift presented to those who have gone to great length to attain .
319	4.0	Second , parents always tell students that the adult life is much tenser than school life . However , because we do not experience it , it is very difficult for us to really know how tense the adult life can be . Therefore , we need part-time job to teach us how hard the real adult life can be . Actually , some questionnaires indicate that if students have taken part-time jobs , they will make the best use of their time to prepare their future and more importantly ; they will not expect too much for their future than students who have not taken the part-time job . Therefore , the part-time job can make people understand future life better .
177	9.0	Second , studying at home is very different from traditional learning . Unlike traditional classes , distance education courses don ' t take place in a classroom , where you are surrounded by your teachers and classmates . Students may find that it is hard to study without being kept under supervision . If you are the type that gets easily distracted , a distance-learning program may not be for you .
221	7.0	Secondly , the zoo preserves a large number of rare animals and provides them safe habitats . In the zoo , there is not so harmful as a forest . They , fed by zookeepers , do not need to find food themselves . Furthermore , we can do artificial insemenation to maintain nearly extinct wildlife .
345	4.0	First of all , many of us would agree to the fact that people ; who prefer working longer hours , do not find time to focus on their health . By working too long , they often become tired , lazy and reluctant to carry out physical exercise in order to remain fit and healthy and eventually loose health and become sick . Moreover , they become extensively addicted to their work and become workaholic type persons . The repercussion are so severe that their families and friends remain deprived off their attention and in the end they end up losing balance between their family and personal life .
343	5.0	On the other hand , it is undeniable fact that advertising market gives lots of working opportunities from producers , writers to models and cameramen for all of people as long as their qualification adapt to the demands . Moreover , advertisement enables to support users in getting accustomed to enterprises and know thoroughly items sold from these producers . Take Coca cola for an example , this drinking firm is well-known as one of companies invested a major part of their money in advertising . No wonder why this drinking title becomes more and more familiar with customers around the world . Last but not least , online advertisement is one of the easiest approaches due to their potential gains such as cheaper cost , convenience and easily observing .
268	5.0	First , in my view spending too much money for equipping the gyms or constructing football / basketball courts are really not necessary to encourage students to do sports . For example , my roommate , Mary , always wakes up 6 in the morning and spends 1 hour doing sport in the park which is near our dormitory . When she gets to the dorm , she is really full of energy and after taking a shower , she is ready to start a good day . As you see , she is doing exercise without spending a cent . What the university should do is informing the students the benefits of doing sport by hanging some posters in the campus , inviting some athletes to lecture for students and encourage them to spend some time for their body and health .
188	4.0	Daily exercise will help also to develop children ' s brain function . It is well known how important it is to exercise regularly to help the body system to work better . When people exercise , the respiratory system ' s function is enhanced , helping all organs , including the brain , to get more oxygen in . Daily exercise will provide children with a mental break which will boost them to be efficient learners .
172	4.0	First , an apartment provides a lot more freedom than a dormitory . While in a dormitory you have to obey preset rules , in the apartment you set your own rules . You are free to have visits at any time or to be left alone if you want . An apartment offers more privacy because you can choose to have your own room instead of sharing with another student . This is an important factor because you also get more space than you would in a dormitory .
175	5.0	Furthermore , sensationalism distract the viewers from public or social problems . The media face the challenge that media executives must choose the content , which can attract the audience . Thus , these personal reports of famous people , unimportant information or distorted stories , will not solve problem related with the society . In other words , yellow journalism block the viewers from significant news , such as education , environment and public issues .
237	5.0	Television and movies also make people to spend more time on their couch than with their family and friends , especially children . They communicate less with their parents because a lot of their time is used watching television and movies . When people are watching television or movies together , they also talk less to each other , compare to when playing social games , such as parlor games , together .
365	5.0	First of all , public transport is a key factor to minimize the number of vehicles on the street . Buses and trains have been phased in the streets for quite a long time and have proven themselves the best candidates among all options . Apparently , a bus can carry no less than 30 people , while a train can carry as much as nine or even ten times of that number . Not to mention the fact that highway train is operated underground , which leaves the street above with buses and non-fuel-based vehicles . Together , they will lessen the crowded image in most cities nowadays .
198	4.0	First , the using of public transportation reduces the amount of resources using on transportation . Cars depend on gasoline , which is a non-renewable resource . Therefore , the more cars we use means that the faster gasoline in this world is used up . In the contrary , if the public transportation is efficiently used , the amount of gasoline consuming per person will be much lower . And this definitely helps to reserve our invaluable natural resource , gasoline .
390	5.0	Moreover , it seems to me that not many people can exist in the celebrities ' world without any talents or achievements . We are giving chances to many teenagers to show their intelligence in different talent shows , for example ; The Voice , X Factor or Next Top Models etc . As a result , to become a star and an inspiration for people , a person need to have real talent to compete with other candidates . Thus , only money and glamour look are not enough for a person to be recognized anymore , it is importance that they have to have achievements in order to be a muse to youngsters .
388	8.0	First of all , it seems to be true that if there is gun control somehow crime has to decrease because fewer guns available mean less crime . However , this is not as simple as it sounds .
243	5.0	In addition , writing e-mail helps people express honestly . Some people think that the face-to-face conversations make them feel stupid . Sometimes , their ideas are not expressed as exactly as they expect . For instance , I want to talk to my friend about a ticklish problem like her behavior , it ' s hard for me to face her and explain what she should do . Therefore , e-mail will be a good tool to help me speak out . She will just read my e-mail instead of listening to my voice which can make her annoyed . I don ' t have to worry about any other thing can make my opinion become unpersuasive .
278	5.0	First , besides the good body shape , sports have very vital effects on human ' s healthfulness . In my viewpoint , our body and moral health depend to physical activities directly . As a case in point , last month I had very difficult exam that I forced to study for one week back to back . After that exam , I felt depressed and exhausted . Therefore , I decided to go to gym to recuperate and it responded very well ! As a result , sports are necessary for students to acquire their energy and health .
213	5.0	Of course , effective cooperation can make things easier and faster , but in many important cases when team-working is not possible , the ability to work alone will help . The apperant example is that there are a lot of tests that do not allow team-working . Let ' s imagine that you perform really well when you can discuss the problems with other people , but you have no experience of working alone , standardized tests such as SAT , TOEFL may be your nightmares . Testing is a very important aspect of life , and still the majority of tests do not allow you to work in team . Therefore , if you want to get brilliant achievements such as going to college , acing your school ' s final tests , you should consider learning to work on your own .
169	9.0	Nevertheless , professors could teach students through research and projects . Some students enjoy taking part in some research . Through to use the equipment and invent their own work , they may get more experience in the process of research . For instance , electronic students always invent new machines such as robots , MP3 and remote control car . They can manage the electric theory in practical skills . And some students will be rewarded by investing new inventions . However , only under specific circumstance , when students master all of the systematic knowledge , can they accomplish research . This is requires professors provide high quality courses . In other word , professor should concern about preparing class .
140	5.0	To begin with , judging student ' s skills and abilities should only be based on their academic qualifications and talents rather than gender in particular . Nowadays , both male and female students are equally competitive to each other and deserve to produce impressive results in various field of education . In India , for example , female students are more often likely to grab more number of top scorer positions in every year higher secondary school examinations .
36	4.0	The first factor considered is the risk of accidents with guns . The accidents cannot be completely avoided although only those who have gun licenses can purchase guns . For example , we hear some news from time to time that someone was hurt by accident during the hunting . So the fewer guns possessed , the fewer accidents would happened , our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates .
178	5.0	In the first place , the establishment of a large shopping center will provide the residents a more convenient place to go shopping . Here is a positive example : Queens Center Mall , a shopping mall located in Queens borough of New York City , provides a wide vairtey of stores , products and services , from clothing to electronics and restaurants , that consumers can choose . It is widely thought that it is one of the most productive malls in New York . I found that I could find virtually every brand or store , including Macy ' s and JCPenney , when I visited there . As far as I am concerned , a large shopping mall provides a location for residents to pursue during their leisure time .
318	3.0	Buying a car spends hundreds of thousand ; paying for all sorts of fee takes another several-these are all ready too much for most of the families to bear . Charging drivers one more fee makes no sense and is ridiculous . Majority of the families buy cars simply for a safer and easier conveyance , and charging them too much fee adds a lot to their burden and is actually jeopardizing their rights .
163	2.0	On the one hand , I have always wanted to find a job in a big company which locates in a prosperous city area . To make it convenient , I will absolutely choose a place to live that is not too far from my workplace . What ' s more I can save plenty of money on transportation if I choose to live in the city .
248	4.0	Some may argue that as time is different , the condition of job market is completely different . Therefore , choosing a job similar to one ' s parents ' is not always a correct decision . I agree with this opinion to some extent , but when it comes to the trend , no one can predict it correctly . The condition of job market changes enormously fast like a flash , so that there is no way to predict any job can be popular for 30 years or more .
207	5.0	To begin with , the major cause that leads to urban migration of young adults is that cities often offer more well-paid jobs and study chances compared to rural areas . Obviously , many large companies and universities often locate in cities which are hailed as promising lands to develop their career . Therefore they move to big cities to pursue academic career and find jobs in order to have a higher standard of living . For example , if a gradate stays in the city after leaving his college and seeks a job with good salary instead of returning his village to do farm work , he could perhaps buy a house or his own car after a short time .
88	5.0	Second of all , experience shows while people doing a job constantly , they become more experienced in that subject , so in the final effort they become successful with the high percentile . For example , scientists experiment a substance for a long time , after they gain lots of experience and knowledge about that subject they decide to make it final .
49	4.0	To begin with , mobile phones and other tools of modern communication facilitate not only contact with friends and relatives in faraway places but also global business . With the click of a button , the vast amount of information can be transmitted from America to China in just a few seconds . Furthermore , it is generally felt that the access to these tools of communication is available in every corner of the world . With a mobile phone or a laptop , a person can talk or send messages online at a bus stop , in a corner shop or anywhere they could imagine . Therefore , it seems that these new forms of communication do bring a great deal of convenience to humankind .
308	5.0	I was born and grew up in here , a small town . In here , I have a lot of friends , and we usually spend free time to play sports like soccer , basketball and of course we have a lot of fun . Every people in my town have known each others , and we have good relationships . If anyone needs help , his neighbor will help as much as possible . Nowhere else can give me some people like in here .
2	4.0	Secondly , it is crucial to keep one ‰Ûª s identity for they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin . For instance , children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends . In this new environment , parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home . Fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated , in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism . Hence , it is clear that keeping the cultural traditions in the destination countries is tremendous important .
350	5.0	People often want to access news from past for various reasons like to prepare for research , satisfy interest , etc . For example , one research fellow may want to know how a small village named Oramaki in Japan was suffering after Second World War . It is very difficult to get this sort of information from past in newspapers and magazines as one has to know before where to look at . But internet provides efficient search facility where one can search the topic and get the details . This feature of digital media is not supported by newspapers and magazines .
385	4.0	On the other hand , there are some reason why the level of bloody increases significantly in the communities . Firstly , the number of unemployment rate has risen to 15 percent in several globalized and non-globalized countries . Many well-qualified and well-educated person cannot earn some money to live comfortably . Secondly , cost of living in the big city is extremely expensive , so this problem impresses some people who live under the poverty line to do anything to pay their basic needs . Many baggers chose to be a pickpocket in the public transport , for instance .
45	4.0	Of course , this does not mean we should leave alone those who do need assistance . They are already in reverse circumstances and it would be rather difficult for them to overcome the difficulties without external support . In this case , the government ought to set up free vocational trainings or to provide interest-free bank loans for them , so that they can have the chance to get back to work . After all , it is beneficial to the society as a whole when the jobless can make contribution again .
335	4.0	Besides , nowadays technology is entering into our society really quick and scientists develop robots , which help people cope with their problems or just invent coffee machines , engines with integrated computers and etc . For example , before centeries , there were not washing machines , which clean your clothes , while a person do another job .
66	5.0	In terms of time and space , technology makes it more efficient and effective to promote the traditional skills and ways of life . In the past , only when people went to the local place could they experience the specific traditional lifestyles . This means individuals who were engaged in work and therefore could not spare time to travel or restricted by traffic conditions had to miss the chance to appreciate the traditional skills . However , with the access to the Internet , one of the greatest innovations in modern society , humankind can acquire the traditional techniques displayed online anytime , anywhere .
170	5.0	Besides , advanced technology enables people to enhance their living-level and health care standard . With the improvement of medical technology , it is obvious that the life expectancy in many countries has been significantly longer than before , and many serious diseases are under control . Digital entertainment technology allows people to enjoy playing interactive video games and watching three-dimensional movies , and this means that we could get more happiness from technology .
30	2.0	Some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees . In the other hand , I don ' t think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students ' primary and secondary education . It is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students ' education so that all people in their country could receive the same education .
209	4.0	What is more , there is a tendency for social vices to rise if university is to be restricted to only the best people . Apart from the disheartened ones , many devoiding of neccessary preparations are likely to be recipes for failure when applying for jobs , mostly the white-collar ones .
341	9.0	Some people who hold different viewpoints may advocate that protecting traditions consume too much financial budget compared with the incoming it takes . In spite of the fact this kind of business bring limited contribution to government finance , it should be emphasized that the expense is trivial compared with the potential value of traditions . Therefore the government authorities and education institutes should work closely together to promote the traditional skills and ways of life , so as to make people to realize the value of them .
291	3.0	On the other hand , there are some people think that all students should have equal opportunity to study in higher education . Of course , higher education take a lot of money and a lot of time however moderate students should have a chance to try . Everyone that has strongly ambition could pursue and success their goal even they are not classified as a good student because people can change . With a good environment in college or university is encouraging students to study harder for a good future . Thus , mediocre students should have opportunity to be trained in college and university .
78	5.0	However , I believe the booming economy can be closely linked to the preservation of the environment . With people raising their awareness of the green economy , the products free of pollutants are increasingly prevalent among clients , which means eco-friendly businesses can make a favorable impression on customers today , triggering sales . For example , electronic bicycles powered by clean energy resources have been well received among people in recent years .
270	4.0	Finally , some assert that the ability to plan and organize can be learned until obtaining a job . Thus , it is not need for young people to possess this ability . Nevertheless , this ability is also essential for young people since young people can overcome their bad habits and fulfill their goals more quickly with this ability . As searching information on the internet , young people are probably distracted by other attractions such as online games or social webs . At this circumstances , they would surf on the internet for hours and end up no where . It is obviously a huge waste of time . But if they make their plan in the first place , and then stick to their plans , they could get their work done quickly beyond their imagination .
379	5.0	On one hand , i agree that money is very essential in order to meet human ' basic needs . More specifically , people tend to choose high salary jobs so as to not only help themselves but also support partially or wholly their family ' s living needs such as food , clothes , accommodation , education , medication . It is obvious that people who are woking in art or painting industries , for example , will find it quite difficult to live comfortably and enjoyably . This is because they are doing what they love , their income however seems to be quite low compared to many other career paths .
49	9.0	Nevertheless , opponents of modern communications claim that only the more privileged are able to enjoy the benefits . They further point out that the wide spread use of these efficient and effective ways of communication costs a considerable amount of money . Anyone who aims to use these innovations have to not only pay for the appliances such as a mobile phone or a computer but also cover up costs for communication services . Consequently , people who live in poverty are less likely to be benefited from modern communication technologies .
275	5.0	The first important point that I want to make is that sociologists found that our characteristics and personality forms early in life , even though when we are not borne . So it is crucial to learn our children as soon as possible to learn financially issues . To clarify my point I would like to say a memory from my childhood , when I was at age 7 my father gave me monthly money to buy thing that I liked . First time I spend the whole money to eat at school and my money finished . I asked my father for extra money , but he refuse to give it to me . I found that I should manage the way that I spend money . From then I learned to be economical and now I have every thing I wanted .
209	9.0	However , university is not just about academic studies but also a place to nurture artistic talent and develop soft skills . Therefore , it should be up for grabs for a majority of young people , who wish to pursue their passion as well as develop comprehensively .
191	5.0	Increasing the motivation and competence spirit are another benefit of group-studying . In a group of student , the best of those always encourages others to study harder . Besides , pupils often have a tangible competence in order that they can get the highest grade in a group . Clearly , better learning is one of noticeable result of these competences and encouragements .
17	5.0	Second , I think watching television programs makes us lazy . We usually spend our times in front of television for at least three ours a day when we come back home after eight-hour working in the office . Hence , we do not have time to spend for healthy activity such as going to a gym or doing other sports . This makes us a lazy person who prefers to do sedentary activities like watching television shows rather than be active and sociable .
251	7.0	"Second , taking criticism is a virtue as you take someone ' s opinion that is against you . Even if you are not working in a group , you still need to take others ' criticism . Criticism definitely hurts because it points out your drawbacks and forces you to confront them . However , criticism can help you detect those drawbacks and fix them if you are willing to take it . Those who don ' t even take a word of criticism will eventually lose chances to get improved . In other words , if you can ' t take any criticism , not only will you fail in cooperating with other people , but also get defeated in personal works . As one Chinese idiom goes : "" The good medicine tastes bitter "" . Criticism might be the most powerful solution to heal ."
75	5.0	Admittedly , art , to some extent , serve a valuable function about enriching one ' s daily lives , for example , it could bring release one ' s heavy burden of study pressure and refresh human bodies through a hard day from work . However , it is unrealistic to pursuit of this high standard of life in many developing countries , in which the basic housing supply has still been a huge problem with plenty of lower income family have squeezed in a small tight room . By comparison to these issues , the pursuit of art seems unimportant at all .
306	5.0	Second , technology also makes teaching simpler . In the past , teachers have to write what they want to convey to students on the chalkboard , resulting in a great waste of time and the fatigue of teachers . With the advent of iPads in e-learning , paper books become unnecessary , so does the blackboards , it is because all the knowledge and information are stored in the iPads , with a single click , and they would appear right before your eyes at once .
217	5.0	On the other hand , finding out life through personal experience can help you become more independent and mature . For one thing , there are so many grate things that you can missed if you don ' t experience it by yourself . For example , a friend told you not to try skydiving because it was so dangerous . If you did as he told , you could fail to see how wonderful it is to be fall freely . In addition , family and friends accidentally harm you by giving you advice all the time . You will grow to be dependent and reliant . In contrast , free yourself and do what you desire without notice about consequences is the way that success people would like to choose .
143	4.0	The first and foremost reason lies in an inevitable fact that to be successful , we all try to reduce the risk we might encounter . The lower the factors making us fail we have , the higher probability to success we own . Consider a circumstance in which one person is rich because he knows a lot of knowledge of investment . He can focus on certain companies which he thinks is worth it to invest , and then just waits for the not so high but constant income . He does not have to invest some dangerous companies to get higher profit which might lead him to bankrupt in a short time . Therefore , we can commence to agree that successful people do not have to try new things or take risks .
259	5.0	First of all , while working in the office , people can interact with their colleges instantly . They can either get help from colleges or discuss about the work together . Think about the big project that a group is working on , if any group member has new idea about the project , he / she can assemble his / her colleges right away and discuss . It ' s more efficient and straight-forward than talking in the phone . For another example , if one ‰Ûª s computer or Internet has any breakdown , he / she can call the MIS staff to fix .
395	3.0	Firstly , by paying taxes for public school , affluent people effectively contribute to narrowing down the gap between rich and poor . It is true that many poor families are not able to afford tuition fees for their kids to attend a course . With the the tax amount for which they pay , the rich may help a vast number of students from families with poverty background to continue their studies , and earn a better quality of life .
113	6.0	Secondly , in the area of education , it is generally agreed that poorer countries often lack of teachers in schools as well as lecturers in higher education institutions . Besides that , education for these countries normally is not free so only certain group of students can afford it . In order to solve the education manpower problem , richer countries can allocate experienced educators to train more teachers and lecturers in poorer countries . Meanwhile , for the issue of education fee , richer countries should offer scholarships and loan to the qualified students .
245	5.0	Secondly , you can write an e-mail at any time of the day . As for me , I work and study at the university and I don ' t have spare time during the day . I get home at about midnight and I still need to answer some questions and to solve some routine problems . I might not have time to call a person or to meet with him or her in an appropriate time so for me it is better to leave a voice mail .
383	4.0	Firstly , it is undoubtedly that thanks to modern technology invented recently , human life has been improved dramatically . Air-conditioners , computers , cellphones , washing machines , for example , is likely to be seen as greatest inventions helping people to reduce stress and time for other activities . Moreover , applying technological science into the preparation of medications also plays a significant role in saving the number of patients ' lives .
253	5.0	First of all , by explaining how the subject contributes to daily life , students will have vivid impression on that subject thus become more interested and active in acquiring the knowledge on that subject . Take chemistry for example , merely memorizing the names of the substances and the structural formulas seems to be very boring , while representing where and how those chemical reactions really happen near students will raise their curiosity and lead them to digest those theories learned from the class . While I was in senior high school , my chemical teacher once showed us how the detergent dissolves oil by an experiment and later on taught us how to describe this process with formal structural formulas . This type of learning method is more fun and eventually the results are good . I connected the visual images of that experiment with the formula and I barely forget , even though now I ' m not studying chemistry anymore .
192	9.0	Of course , while differences give the opportunity to learn , they can also mean that sometimes it can be difficult to reach an agreement . This would not happen or at least would happen rarely if one decides to spend time with one or two close friends . In fact , in this case it is more likely that interests and preferences are the same .
50	4.0	It is obvious that music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology . Therefore , many university authorities provide music lessons for their students so that they live and study in a harmony with music . I have an impression that students , who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time . In this case , music can be a useful and interesting solution . Moreover , if musical activity involves many participants , there will be co-operation and developed team work in the group , which is , of course , beneficial in their future life . In fact , students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music . Consequently , the calm atmosphere in the class might be created .
288	9.0	Lastly , having more kinds of public transportation can dwindle the number of people using their own cars . Also , it provides many advantages . For instance , people can save their expenses form gasoline , which nowadays is getting more expensive . The necessary energy will slowly be used up , since people use less their own cars .
46	4.0	On the other hand , universities are regarded as institutions where abundant educational resources gather . It is , therefore , not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university , but instead , these must be made available when needed . So the truth lies somewhere closer to the fact that a university should provide access to information , rather than offer selected courses that are suitable for employers ' taste .
364	5.0	In addition , in some cases that traditional way can not replace by a new technology . Lot of people like to use traditional things because if their quality and durability . In paticular , vases are made by hand would be used more . Futhermore , there are plenty of works that using traditional way is unique method . For instance , making cone hats from leaves have to use hand . Not only because there is no machine for the work , but also it looks more beautiful when it is made by hand , so resulting in greater value economy .
149	4.0	First of all , more and more people have the opportunity to receive education from university . Since our parents receive better education than our grandparents did , they can provide more advices and helps in our career . In the past , seldom people have the chance to attend a collage . For example , my grandparents did not get a education even in high school , so when my father had difficulty in solving a problem in his childhood , he had to go to his teacher for help . Things have changed a lot . I grow up in a better condition than my father did . Whenever I have problems , I can always ask my parents for help . They can solve the problem quickly because they have learned quite a lot .
354	5.0	Nevertheless , there are some other causes why people are experiencing serious medical problems . Firstly , the environment of the modern world polluted very significantly from greenhouse gas emissions and other gasses . Many people , for example , are suffering from allergy because of these gasses . Secondly , foods with a low quality such as fast foods , junk foods and any genetically modified ones are influencing to our health very negatively . Finally , life becoming more stressful due to some recent problems such as traffic gam , traffic accidents and others .
162	4.0	It is undeniable that cheap air fares have broadened travel possibilities for many people , particularly for the lower income group . These days , millions of people can travel around the world for work or pleasure . They can develop their careers , broad their knowledge , and interact with many other people from varied cultural backgrounds . Moreover , travels also help to promote the tourist industry development , boost the economy and job markets of many countries .
398	4.0	Furthermore , it can have a negative affect on these students to require them to choose a subject in equal proportion of gender , and that does not conform to students ' personality traits and mental development . For example , a girl , who is interested in literature , is arranged into an engineering department , but she is unlikely to focus on her subject , and this also can block the girl ' s future development and career prospect .
158	9.0	Old buildings are an essential part of history . Tourist often decide to discover the culture of a country when they visit through those old buildings . Therefore , managers of cities can earn more money from the attraction provided by old buildings and that amount can be spent on their conservation . Furthermore , the preservation of old buildings is also a ways to conserve our culture and everyone can learn much from them . Old buildings should be used as the culture museums and provide accommodation with more convenient for people who live there . . Many cities have development strategies as a city contains both unique and modern beauty , and that preservation help to finish half of work .
146	4.0	Last but not least , students have tendency to shun difficulties . They might avoid tough courses , but instead attend mainly Mickey Mouse courses and enjoy themselves too much . This might result in limited choices in the future . Therefore , schools should be responsible for their future and protect them .
53	4.0	On the other hand , many farmers and owners exploit animals beyond their limits . For instance , cows are often injected by Oxytocin , a hormone which is used to forcibly increase lactation . This in turn , causes lots of discomfort and pain to the cattle . Furthermore , thousand of animals undergo painful suffering or death as a result of scientific research of drugs and various products . Another example of this is cage farming which is against animal rights . Many other practices like , equestrian sport where horses run miles and miles and beaten up by jockeys to make them run more faster . And above all pleasure hunting of defenseless animals .
43	5.0	Firstly , during times of war , people living in badly affected countries can forget about the gloomy environment and maintain a link with the rest of the world by listening to international sports event . For example , when Irak was hardly struck by the Second Gulf War , its citizens tried to catch any incoming news about the FootballWorld Cup through their portable receivers . This clearly shows that international sports competitions encourage people and put pressure on them to come back , sooner or later , to a relative peaceful normality . Thus , world sports events strongly participate in eventually pulling back people towards friendship and peace .
273	4.0	But by living in big cities one sacrifices quiet and peaceful life with breathing fresh air and loses much time in traffic and anyway for transportation , because distances in big cities often are too far to pass quickly . Every technology has it ‰Ûª s good and bad effects but I prefer having the technologies with their disadvantages to living like 16 century without any of modern facilities of technology . In addition to what mentioned , medical technologies is completely better in big cities and in my view this profit overcomes all the bad influences of technologies on human kind .
188	8.0	Physical activity helps children to grow up physically healthier . As studies have shown that the rate of obesity in children has increased every year , it will be very beneficial for children to have a daily physical activity and get a break from being sitting several hours at school . In addition , exercise will help them to not be less exposed to illness related with cardiovascular , higher blood and cholesterol issues .
203	5.0	First , if you depend only on luck for all your accomplishments , you are taking a great risk . Luck is something intangible and no one can guarantee that it would ever come your way . If it doesn ' t work , it would be a great disappointment . Instead if you strive hard to achieve what you want , then your hard work would take you at least closer to your final goal . In my personal experience , all my accomplishments were backed by my hard work , not my luck . And I never did encounter any disappointments of missing my goals .
23	9.0	Moreover , the mobile phone has become a dispensable multifunctional tools in people ' s daily life . Not only used for communication , but it also functions as an Internet browser , a music player , a personal organizer and so forth .
250	4.0	First of all , a worker ' s salary can properly reflect his / her competence and value on his / her career . Therefore , those who are paid high salaries must exceed others and achieve something incredible in certain ways . They are not paid for no reason . As we are now live in a competent world , we must show ourselves to be great enough so as to convince the employer that we deserve a better payment . It ' s all the same in every profession . That ' s why the richest athletes usually correspond to the greatest athletes in their fields , namely Michael Jordan or Tiger Woods .
366	5.0	First of all , it is seen that following celebrities blindly affects the health of adolescents . Many young people indulge themselves in drugs and start smoking at an early age . For example , in a survey carried out in a university , it was asked to students that why did they start smoking , then around forty percent of individuals answered that they wanted to look like their favorite screen actor while smoking cigarettes . This example makes it clear that imitating celebrities has a negative influence on health of young individuals .
138	5.0	Besides that , long-distance education provides students the opportunity to access the immense knowledge resources and a variety of teaching approaches . Pupils can obtain materials for their curricula just by one mouse click , such as science reports , study posts , documentary records , etc . A student can even select a specific online course based on his own preference and time schedule so he can control the learning progress and make satisfactory achievement on this course .
220	4.0	First of all , one of the most significant upsides is that the young adult can have more experience with his parents . The young adult has to try to create memories with his dad and mom in the early age . When having a job , it is of low possibilities to work in his hometown . If he lives with his parents for longer time , they have more chances to share the feelings , exercise , and travel together . All memories become priceless treasure as time passes by . Thus , I think undergoing with parents is worthwhile .
351	5.0	To begin with , I agree that in order for people to cover their daily and general needs they need money as well . However , aspects such as : friendly colleagues , environment and work-place condition , sometimes , have even more impact on person ' s happiness and quality of life . People , for instance , who don ' t like their co-workers and working condition are considered less satisfied with their jobs , despite of a high salary . In this sense , it is also one very salient proof of the accuracy of my position .
163	5.0	Furthermore living in big cities means more exposure to stimulation , like all kinds of information . If one can efficiently acquire the information , then , there might come along more opportunities for him to achieve his goals . For example , there are various advertisements here an there , whether on the leaflets or on the big screen showing things of all sorts in commercial zones . If one is seeking a job right in the city or planing somewhere to travel , or just wants to buy a product in a dependable store , he might refer to what he has seen or heard from the advertisements to make a relatively wise choice .
304	4.0	First , the natural diversity is very important for further generations . If we don ' t change our behavior we will extinct many species living for millions of years on the planet . As we destroy the natural habitat , like forests , jungles and lakes , to make place for our industry and farmland , we rob the ecosystem . To illustrate , every day a massive part of the Rainforest in South America is destroyed to provide wood and farmland . If we don ' t preserve this important part of our ecosystem many endangered animals will loose their natural habitat and go extinct . As a result , further generations will never have the opportunity to see and study these animals .
236	5.0	As for students , we can get what we want to know from textbooks , webs or teachers . But we can only turn to our professors when we want to take part in a research and to get ourselves promoted . If a professor doesn ' t get any researching works , he cannot give us the opportunity . In addition , a professor who is concentrate in his or her research is thinking and creating new ideas all the time . He or she may stimulate us students to come up with some creative sugesstions . That is good for both of the professor and students .
330	5.0	Firstly , most people ' s lives are filled with tasks that they don ' t enjoy doing . In personal live , we have some responsibilities towards to other people , there is nobody who likes all of these responsibilities . For instance , housework is very difficult for me , although my husband helps me some of them , but it is my responsibility . I really don ' t like any of them , however I should do .
271	4.0	First and foremost , I truly believe that being present at classes provide students with opportunity of communicating with other students that is beneficial for understanding new material by reviewing them throughout the free times in college . Also , they can help each other for learning materials better . However , if they do not attend classes they cannot use the help of others for assisting them to comprehend difficult problems .
205	4.0	Firstly , a liberal policy is very feasible . Checking for attendance requires a lot of bureaucracy . Especially for larger classes it is impossible to check for everybody to attend . So an optional attendance saves time and money .
247	4.0	Firstly , people are now able to overcome long distances in a short amount of time , which leads to numerous advantages . For example in relationships . Many people are now able to maintain relationships over great distances because they can visit each other regularly by using their vehicle . From my personal experience I recall that my car has always been a great help to see my childhood friends very often although I lived in another city . I was also able to establish a relationship with a man living 89 kilometers away . Thanks to my car we could see each other at the weekends and are still a happy couple today . Without my automobile we would probably not have been able to develop a relationship .
128	7.0	First of all , as I mentioned above students should have a right to choose what they want to study . Not allowing students their desired subjects to be chosen is a restriction of human rights . As children of independent country we should know our rights and opportunities we have in order to achieve our goals and dreams .
111	5.0	There is also the argument that many ethical and genetic principles are broken when testing on animals . Many people agree that it is not only inhumane and cruel to cause pain to animals , but also misleading , since animals and people ' s response to a drug can be different . I personally believe that human beings have no moral right to use animals in ways that do not benefit the individual .
131	9.0	On top of this , the arts play a pivotal role in all-round development of a society . No developed country could be named that music , painting , literature and other fields of arts are out of its government consideration . Enriching people ' s life and enlightening their thoughts , the arts basically affect the enhancement of societies in many positive ways .
285	5.0	Secondly , online class could not provide knowledge about social skills . For instance , In a classroom , teacher could give assignment to student to work as a group . This could help students to learn how to deal with people , how to collaborate with people in their group . This important skill cannot be gotten in online classes .
83	9.0	Last but not least , while generating energy from any source be it hydro power or oil there always is some wastage and so is the case with nuclear power . Safely getting rid of nuclear waste is a daunting task and there has not been any permanent solution of it . This waste is many times more lethal to our environment than any of the other hazardous material .
293	5.0	Admittedly , sometimes we have to use emails if the team members are not located in the same place . Although emails are not convenient for the work but it is better than none . Since it is a classroom or campus projects , there is few possibility that the project members are located in different areas .
74	5.0	On the other hand , there are some drawbacks from saving minority languages . Although governments invest money on doing that , it is hard to gain the good results . As evidence of this , there are a few people , particularly the youngsters , do not pay attention on collecting and studying those . These kinds of languages are usually difficult and unpopular . In addition , the preservations need a long time to gather , restore all information as well as train in the educational centre . If they do not try their best , their protection can be halted and waste of money .
366	4.0	Secondly , it is believed that when youth follows celebrities it affects personality of young people in a bad way . Adolescents follow not only the make up and attire of their favorite stars but also their behavior . For instance recently in a poll conducted by an American magazine it was found that most of the parents and teachers complain that teenagers use derogatory words and abusive language at home and at schools . So , this example makes it obvious that these glamorous celebrities have a poor effect on the conduct of young people .
261	8.0	In addition , studying art and music is also the appropriate outlets of stress and superb ways to relax . Obviously , with the improvement of life rhythm , people have currently suffered too much pressure from their studies or jobs , and these pressure are likely to destroy one person if he cannot find a way to emancipate himself . Art and music are , of course most accessible tools for modern people to liberate themselves from the extremely stressful life . When enjoying one piece of brilliant paintings , such as the Mona Lisa , people would put all their pressure down on the ground and just think about what the most proficient and mysterious smile in this world stands for . At this moment , they would totally involve in the ocean of art and their stressful nervous would be relieved . Apparently , this sense towards art is built on the initial study on the art .
176	7.0	Secondary , visiting a well-known museum also can broaden our horizon . Those outstanding and diverse range of objects , with classic and magnificent art , is guaranteed to inspire us ! In my city , National Palace Museum is celebrated for collection of ancient Chinese artifacts . To my astonishment , Jadeite cabbage is the most famous artistic work , which is made of jade , is vividly shown .
373	4.0	Secondly , nobody has the right to take another human life . It is undeniable that the rights of life are the basic and vital rights of a human being . No one has the right to take the life of a human ; even if he committed murder . If you kill a criminal , you become a criminal . Moreover , if we think that killing is the best way to solve the problem , it is neither unethical nor immoral . In short , crimes seem to increase due to the capital punishment .
105	3.0	However , the current cost of medicines is , in fact , reasonable and based on the medicines ' effectiveness . Apparently , the process of researching , testing and producing drugs in masses costs a substantial amount of money . Moreover , these products prove to ensure human health completely . Suppose companies were forced to reduce the cost of drugs , they would make no profit , even running up debt because of production expenditure . Therefore , the measure cannot be adopted , otherwise those companies will go into liquidation . In short , this is not a long-term solution .
403 4   Outdoor activities not only improves my health but also gives me chances to communicate with more people . When I was ten years old , I was a shy girl . My mother took me to The National Camp . At first , I just ate and played alone . But on the third day , while I was swimming , a friendly girl came and greeted me , we became friend later and she taught me how to swim effectively . On the next day , we played together and she introduced me to her friends . Thanks to her and outdoor activities such as going skiing , climbing the mountain , I had a lot of friends since The National Camp . If , for example , I hadn ' t participate in that camping , I wouldn ' t have had many friends like today .		
23	9.0	Another debatable problem is about techniques . There is panic among people that their conversation can be intercepted by the third party . This possibility exists all the time . But a more efficient and reliable system can also be invented to guarantee the private information of users .
160	4.0	On the contrary , fixed punishment will reduce the time taken by judges to give their judgement and it will be effective economically for the Government . Everyone should be treated equally because sometimes we see that a poor person who do not have much money for hiring a good lawyer they get imprisoned even without committing a crime and when they come back to the society they become a professional criminal . Therefore fixed punishment will reduce the space between poor and rich people and everyone will understand the importance of each other .
61	4.0	Moreover , future prospects of computers are very bright . From a computer as big as a room , it has now been minimized to the size of a palm . Nanotechnology is working to make computers to the order of microscopic levels . Research on making computerized drone soldiers ( unmanned computer controlled ) is going on . There is no end to the evolution of computers .
89	2.0	Finally , human need some crucial things to continue their life , and most of them are industrial such as medicine . Therefore , some lands should be assigned to industry . Todays life has some difficulty which become comfortable with the help of industry .
215	5.0	Also , doing something for a long time can be boring , having hobbies and doing sports can refresh our mind . For example , at school , students have breaks every class so that they can relax for a few minutes and prepare for the next class . Humans are not robots ; we can ' t keep working for twenty-four hours . Doing sports or hobbies for a short time can recharge our batteries .
277	4.0	Moreover , these way students are teached to control their fears and concerns in facing facts . As a matter of fact , when a student understands a fact and its consequences , he or she can encounter it more confidently . In my viewpoint , concerns and anxieties are very destructive in everybody ' s life . It can prevent person to progress and thrive in every position .
347	9.0	However , buying habit is a very personal things for individuals , the advertisement is not the only cause for people to buy , sometimes it depends on one ' s needs and ability of consumption . It is unlikely to buy things impulsively for adults who have concern of arranging disposable income . Most of them have to allocate the money if they doing other purchase . On the other hand , children and adolescents who is not economic independence is more possible to buy things impulsively without considering whether they need it or not , since they do not have financial pressure from life and ability to define what is necessary .
85	5.0	Firstly , by having CCTV cameras at workplace , crimes such as robbery can be trimmed down . This is because when a shop is attacked by thieves , the clips taken by these cameras serve as a source of evidence to help the thieves to be traced . To illustrate this further , in Malaysia , policemen used the videos captured by the CCTV cameras to trace and successfully catch a group of robbers who broke into a Seven Eleven shop during the midnight . Not only that , as the employees know that they are under constant surveillance , they will less likely steal from the shops . Thus , it is clear that CCTVs must be put in all workplace so that crime rates can be minimized .
